It’s because they kicked back *A LOT* of people down 2 entire ranks, to force out a grind in a greedy company scheme to make people play more.

In reality, it’s just making people not want to play as much, or Smurf, and just overall care less about the game as they feel burnt out, especially with them knowing that all of their hard work and MANY MANY hours of grinding to finally rank up, was essentially useless. Why would they then feel motivated to grind all those hours again when they realize they’ll most likely just be forced in a vicious cycle?
Gekko is probably pretty much support. In the sense that he helps people on the team more than acting independently.

If we make a kill list, at least on Earth Alpha, he must be the bottom frag of the entire protocol. In Clove's reveal trailer, Chamber was the one doing all the shooting while Gekko should probably be throwing the dizzy in the air to flash out the enemies lmao.
It kind of looks like the flash popped behind that barrel in the wall
From a British's point of view, it seems like c*nt is like the endstage cuss word for Americans, like the boss fight of cuss words, whereas here in Britain it isn't seen as being that bad (still worse than fuck, but doesn't seem as severe) and can be used in a lighthearted way
That's what I did for my first two games with Iso. I top fragged and found very good utility with his ult.

The problem starts when you don't get enough kills and mess up your shots for the double tap. Ults become less frequent and as a result, your whole usefulness to the team becomes low. Riot wasn't kidding when they said this agent was for ego fraggers.
This post is 4 hours old and there still isn't a frame by frame breakdown in the comments? This sub has lost its fastball.
Make the trip "warn" like Chamber's trip and you have a functional agent.
**The only answer is Cypher**, Reyna wouldn't make a difference because smurfs would just pick Jett/Phoenix
100%
sharting
pls no, its already so low
I love RGX butterfly knife!
For me it's always nt or nc. It takes like half a second and I know it makes the person feels good, so why not.
Migt be genetics issue. Ropemaxx and come back as the next Tenz
He ruined his own career in valo. He was the one who chose to lie. He knew what was at stake and at the end of the day just made his money and dipped. Ig it’s a little better than the people who refuse to admit anything and upload to this day.
[Lothar vid](https://youtu.be/BIOsqNFk0fU) explains in pretty well...
I'm a main breach. I need to "igl" every game cuz duelists don't pay attention or listen calls. Usually I only play one game per day because it drains so much of me, trying to coordinate with duelists, thinking about new calls, explaining what's a split.

Duelists are the worst to hear and pay attention. Sentinels are just trying to sit on a site and play retake on the opposite.
I need to remember some initiators to play on the opposite side gathering info.
Controllers are usually nice, they smoke when they can and pay attention to calls.
The sound is default phantom unless you are talking when inspecting/skin animation sound
I too would love to be boosted to the NBA
That’s the most valid point I think anyone could’ve replied with to me
Yeah but they’re usually immortal/high diamond at least, not gold Timmy who just learned he should put his crosshair at head level
Trading your teammates, it’s a game don’t be afraid if your teammate is going in go in with them and if someone shoots or kills them you shoot back and kill them so atleast if you lose a teammate they’ll lose one too
Imm 2 reyna one trick with 1000+ reyna games. In general it's usually best to just play contact before you get to the chokes and look for picks or bait out utility so you don't get smoked, caught out on site in util, and don't get full rotated on. Once you get to the choke call for smokes and initiator utility. Combo their flash/drone/dog with your flash and walk out with it. If you have a raze or jett let them go first and follow close behind. If not follow close behind and I mean really close behind the dog or drone, like damn near stacked on it. Get really really good at clearing common and off angles. You can't slow walk peek these and need to peek full speed without making noise if you're doing contact. Dm me if you need more help.
What is the play rate of spike rush vs escalation to where escalation can stay but spike rush can be taken out
I WAS SO AFRAID U GONNA DIE OF FALL DAMAGE IN THAT JUMP
Sig, ender of Aces
Almost $80 is too expensive everywhere just for skins.
Rank 200 is a real talent to be honest. Myself can’t comment on money-making. I think that only comes when/if you can go ‘pro’ or be a successful streamer. But in a game of millions of players your son being rank 200 is really something.
So Omen worked for Lethal Company
Omen has delivered Clove as promised. Clove is smart, has good intuition, and is guaranteed to be fearless. Weapon training is planned until ready for deployment.  


RE: I tried to talk to Omen after the handover, but he didn't say a word and just took off when we were done. But the fact that he's cooperating with us must mean something, right? I suggest we have a little more patience. 
If you know Kyedae, she started like iron to silver I think and she reached immortal I think

I mean, she does play like 12+ hours a day almost every day for years, but the point is that I think it was mostly hardwork at play, not necessarily natural talent, if you watch any early videos, she was bad, like really bad, like I'd believe if you told me she doesn't play games type of bad
Map dependent/team dependent both are better in different situations. Jett is a better op agent/ better at exploding without smoke support because of her small window of smokes herself. Better save rounds. Raze is really good at isolating a fight and pushing off angles with util/clearing a corner with roomba. They’re just different both are strong
The first think you need to look at with an unbiased lens if is she actually wants to be playing valorant and or is she just playing to spend more time with you.

If she's just playing to spend more time with you just delete this and enjoy your awesome girlfriend.
Yep. Raze rocket is already a hit or miss but once I had that rocket going straight at me and I was lucky to be shielded. The Raze was so pissed tho 😂
Cool skin but $23 cool?
Or worse... get more cocks.
Yeah I’m leaving this sub.
Genuinely, what's the problem with it? Yall will spend 50$ on a single knife but when it comes to actually supporting a team you like, it's a ripoff?

You know the teams get a % of the profits from their bundle right? It's no different than buying jersey's and merchandise for sports teams. Also the classic skins look really good, you're just trying to find a reason to hate.

Also you'd rather pay a certain amount of money to get a random team you might not like or care about? That's more of a ripoff than them directly selling them???
Nah bro its dead serious. Good observation though
this is the solution ctfu
As a controller main breeze is very annoying to effectively smoke, or outright impossible unless im playing viper. I dont like playing viper

Also youd be very obtuse to not even understand that most players dont like taking only long ranged fights all round every round regardless of aim skill.
I'm 41 and Asc3. So no, you're not too old.
Icebox definitely
Why do you think I have this bad Insomnia? I watch this clip every night before sleeping
"bro can't win in his main acc's games"
“While this system is functioning as intended for stationary firing, it’s been unintentionally aiding firing while on the move. We’ve significantly reduced center biasing in these movement states: shots fired while moving are now almost uniformly random within their spread cone, meaning that fewer of these shots will precisely land on target.”

This change only addressed running and gunning and is almost a year old, it’s not the game
Remember when everyone said Jett would be unusable after her nerf?
ngl looks like a swing no poppin
No. You have no idea how large the LoL player base is In Asia if you think it has the slightest chance.
yeah, this is the reason that people like curry are pieces of shit. they not only do this, but have the nerve to then berate and belittle the low elo players that they're playing with, as if those players should somehow know how to play at immortal/radiant levels. it's pretty disgusting, but there isn't much you can do about it right now unfortunately (aside from NOT supporting / watching their content).
Can't really tell from a single clip.

Looking at decisions made and how it played out, I'd guess low or mid Plat.
Your aim is pretty good for a silver player🫡
Broken matchmaking is way worst than bad tm8 imo
The skye is the limit
Not really because u will just flash yourself on the guiding light exploding when you swing. I guess u can fake flash for your team if u angle it away from your team as it explodes
Bullets only fire straight when you are stationary. Some crosshairs move in order to tell you when your shot will be inaccurate.
Thank you for doing the work of finding the missing agent because I would have looked at that list until my eyes hurt trying to figure out who was missing
WAS THAT THE BITE OF 7
You have to pick between unlocking an agent or saving for the time limited items in the accessory shop. On top of that it's capped so you can't just save a bunch either. If they kept the old agent unlock system tied to xp I'd be fine with it.
Technically you are right. However I refuse to accept that answer.
It's my fault bro, I just started liking raze and playing her more, so naturally they had to nerf her.
Yeah people need to realize this, in valorant there's abilities and different "roles" but at the end of the day its a tactical shooter where gunplay and strategy is the core game.
I loved the spectre, always the safe option as a panicked new player
Both tracking and micro flicking
And if your lucky enough "CO-COUGHT ONE"
He's just on Raze to radiant arc as promised to his discord subscribers. He expressed his dislike for Raze as agent so it is supposed to be an awkward challenge for him, as his forte is support and he got his peak on controllers. But the major factor is likely a playtime, he didn't even reach 100h in any of these acts and no one could reach radiant with such a leisure schedule.
bait used to beliavable
Could be false ban, detected some 3rd party software, and gave a red screen, but later discovered that it wasnt messing with game files and didnt actually ban, just kick off
you sliced the pie, good aim, weird tp but worked out, got the clutch. ill say between gold and plat
Places trip 4 times, doesnt use it. 

“Why dont pro players do this?”
Wasn't this posted before?
That ain’t no Deagle, that’s a Big Iron on your hip.
[Proof](https://i.imgur.com/x26RrSw.jpeg)
You need to hit the aimlabs or practice range I think
You rarely see Breach because you need to be knowledgeable in throwing util at the right place at the right time, and have proper coordination with your team to make full use of his kit. A Breach main can be down right deadly to play against because his kit can give so many advantages for his team. Another reason is info gathering initiators are preferred over flash initiators like Breach. He's not like Skye and Gekko that can do both (Skye has her flash and dog, and Gekko has Dizzy that spits out goop to the direction where the enemy is hiding, as well as the fish Ult to gather info)
There are a lot of incredibly basic concepts that im baffled people still don't understand or just deliberately ignore
Gekko is fighting for his life in the voice chat rn
It seems your team didn't need toxicity, they needed you to play with confidence.
My very first game of Valorant, I played Cypher because I felt he had the coolest abilities. A camera, trip wires etc.

Play a couple of rounds and I finally had my ult, and i'm just spamming the button and the voiceline kept playing on repeat.

My stupidass was just running around the map trying to find corpses. Lol. I even tried standing on my teammates dead bodies hoping that the ult would go off. Died a couple of times staring at dead bodies before I realized how to use it correctly.
https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/s/Q8FqaWYek3 probably makes more sense
Don't worry people, many are wondering where the Chamber's participation is.

He's under the wheels of the car, run over. Now Viper is reversing to finish the job 💀
My guess is that you defused on the client side but not the server. Surely different ping setups make the difference there.
Even your IP address would just narrow down to a general area, not a specific house. If this is true, it most likely means that you have provided that information at some point in the past - try googling your gaming name and see what comes up, maybe there is a tournament rego or something 
No they’re not, or it would be called a passive in their character descriptions, as Jett’s clearly is. Also, jett’s “passive” doesn’t require her to use an ability/utility at all in order to use it… kind of the point of it being “passive”. None of the things you mentioned here are passive abilities
Why the fuck rid omen put smoke on spike?
People are way too fixated on "op is just for free escape agents". Unless this is really a rank where oper gets consistently instatapped and/or traded after every shot, there is not really a reason to freak out over expensive weapon, if one like to op, he should op and have fun with it, at least I do (rn on KAY/0 a lot hehe, my 1/3 of kills are op kills, metal rank tho). Quoting Charlatan, free elo stick. You just need the confidence/carelessness and you good to go.

As per proplay it is obviously different from ranked, but I hold dearly one particular, inspiring moment one could call, for the lack of better description, 'the boaster shower incident', when in overtime Boaster on Astra in overtime bought glass cannon op, went through Bind's showers alone and closed that match with a 4k. That is the essence of 'tis but a game' attitude I like to hold myself.
Everything can be abused man. Stop giving excuses. 
It's a 4v5 it is not going to be a fair game and remake should be a straight forward option. 

The only place where the remake shouldn't apply is if it is a 5 stack, otherwise remake is pretty straightforward.
TLDR; always shoot it but be prepared to turn
Dont they hear the tp??
Skill issue.

The skill ceiling went higher, especially in movement and aim. Also some of them climbed by one tricking agents that have been nerfed to oblivion
There's something quite off about neon, but I can't pug my finger on it 🤔
Breeze is definitely poorly designed when a decent chunk of the agents and guns suck on it. I don’t have big problems with the other maps personally, but I can see why certain designs cause problems (Fracture, Icebox, Pearl B site etc.)
This is so good, but the bonk at the end is the cherry on top. Great animation, I absolutely love your art.
Wait so we’re not getting anything at launch of new Season?
Lol this looks strange
He has 25/50 bullets but I would've thought the same thing too
BUY GUNS AFTER WINNING PISTOLS
i found the weirdo in my TDM games calling the team trash lol
What's cool is you can spam inspect to trigger the RGB effect, or not spam it to have a single color that matches the current RGX color you have
Never noticed that, but the voice line does trigger at round start.
Irrelevant for 99% of playerbase, play whatever you want.
I agree. I don't like that they added it back. I think they should figure out a way to make it defender sided. Like some kinda hatch or shutter that only opens from the defender side, so that defenders don't have to watch it, but can use it to fast flank A main or mid.
And if you are on attack
I’ve said “where tf are my bullets going” more times this week than the whole of last year combined
While it can be extremely map dependent, some are far stronger than others.   


Viper is absolutely faceroll on Lotus and Split.  


Brimstone on Bind is elite.  


Omen is also fantastic on split, but he also shines on Haven.
As an ASC player I don't mind Reyna too much as long as they help entry and frag out. I feel there is definitely worse picks in the current meta.
Yo this looks amazing! The editing on the video is so good too
but cypher dies all the time in the cinematics and also my ranked games 🤔
Laughing at your own stupidity is great, but laughing at someone else's stupidity is completely different lol. Especially in the case that a player is trying to get help and improve, it seems pretty toxic that the teacher is treating them like nothing but content
Raze to Radiant is a personal challenge for him at this point. He's said that it's not going to prove anything about his credibility or silence haters. It's just for him to prove to himself I believe. Not to win people back.

It's also more that he's burned out from doing the Coaching Content people actually want to see, and so this is a good way for him to not have to do that.
that agent would get nerfed immediately 😭 but yeah you’re right, we still dont have an ice centered agent
Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen>Omen

👻
You missed + bullet tracers are client sided.
Bind is unique in that it doesn't have a real "mid" like lots of other maps, so mostly you split the 2 entry points of each site, and if it's a bad hit you can teleport to rotate. No mid means no effective lurker, unless you're going all the way through defender spawn basically. It's a good map for dedicated smokes like brim
as an old dude that plays casually. i had to play smokes to reach immortal. yes i mostly got carried. but smokes was never the issue when im locked in.
I mean theyre joking around in a very exaggerated way, sounds pretty fun to me. The irony of you complaining about this though
I think it’d be healthier if they buffed the less picked/viable agents instead of nerfing someone like Viper or Omen
Looking at the trailer, I love the detail that was put into it -- the tumbleweed and the saloon style door in the finisher was such a nice touch!
Can't be civil? Get muted.
Fair point, that would be too strong.
“One bullet per enemy that should be enough yes?”
wrong, its inform a trusted adult, a kidnapper wont help you much
what aim assist base do you use and what’s your deadzones?
Especially a comp
Y'all are sleeping on two Kayo knives
I believe this is [the same core bug we’ve had in the game since the beta](https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/ibs03i/you_can_get_shot_when_hiding_behind_an/). Bullets still go partially through objects that can’t be wallbanged (they go in through one side, but get blocked from exiting the other end). So if certain objects (like player models, or things like KJ ult and sage wall) are clipped inside of an impenetrable wall, bullets can still deal damage.

I’m guessing that is the same here? Though, without a replay system, we will never know for certain unfortunately.
No wonder she's got leer in her kit. Gotta stop everyone from staring at dat ass.
PC cafes will likely have many unique accounts cycling through their hardwares, compared to those who make smurfs. Besides, the IP range of PC cafes can be easily tracked after a year or two of data being collected through logins.
HE IS HACKING
Literally dog lmao. 

I’m at 1000+ hours at OPs rank and have accepted that I’m old and not meant to be great at this game. I just slowly climb like 1/2 rank per 6 months and feel proud lol. Also was my first fps on pc.
Omen and clove smokes are both 30 second cooldowns. Clove smokes also last only 13.5 seconds.
TLDR: Nothing
My bad :D
Oooh I see, thank you for explaining! ♥
the spawns suck cock, dm always spawns ppl behind u
Alternatively, I'd pick Yoru, and get the clone to attend my Teams meetings. 
precise guhahahahahhahahaha
This.
ISO being good / broken is actually click bait. If you see check the people who are playing the agent at no point they're saying he's OP. 

Most of youtube video are meant to say "OMG HE'S OP", "RIOT CREATE A NEW BEAST" is just meant to gain views. Most concensus are he is ranked agent that are B/C Tier.
It's VALORANT. You'd be lucky to see something like that for $40.
They accidentally gave me recon phantom so they shut it down while they investigate how I got a good skin for once
You werent standing still if you missed that OP shot unless you lagged. 
With enough practice you can control your recoil but its RNG so shooting bursts of bullets is better in most cases
>Bullet tracers are never truly accurate but health is.

To strengthen your statement, Devs specifically said that the bullet tracer from the OP are random if it misses. This is to prevent possible calculations when it comes to cheats using OP w/No scope
Vandals are Red

Phantom are Blue

It doesn't matter

I'll always whiff you
You know it's bad when I'm hoping for FRACTURE to be back
lmao try league of legends, DOTA, almost any other competitive game.. Val is super easy to pick up compared to most
Trying to combat smurfing is hopeless in Valo or any riot game for that matter, they dont care about smurfs, your best bet is to just get better to climb to ranks where players are competent enough to shit on Smurfs with the right teamplay, i started in January in Iron and i ran into a bunch of smurfs and complained, but at some point i just decided to play to improve and naturally climbed to high Gold, smurfs will always exist but they aren't the reason me or you can't clomb
Unless there’s evidence of this I’m inclined to believe that he is either looking at the minimap instead or he’s cheating.
Is it appropriate to instalock duelist and lurk instead of entry-ing for your team?
who even uses mic in escalation bro 😭😭😭
another reason to nerf chamber
All that to make it 2-11
You're the first person I've ever encountered that instead of saying lmao they said the full version
In matchmaking you're better off not going deep into strategy. It's hard to keep 5 people that have never played together coordinated. If you're going to be strategic in matchmaking you should try to give basic plans that give the team a direction. Focus on maximizing the amount of trade opportunities for your team, not running into stacked sites, and asking/providing good utility.
it would make no sense to intentionally gimp yourself in a game that is already very difficult as is, so yeah of course it would just be a gimmick
bronze 2
People are forgetting about survivorship bias. If you don't land your headshot with a guardian you'll likely die and the headshot percentage kills don't change
It was pretty fun. We just messed around. Doing fun strays like All shortys and stuff like that.

Right amount of people for ranked, well the time all 4 are on at the same time you guys hit unrated. When it’s only 2 silvers or 3. You coach them

Eventually, if they got they grind enough, they might hit diamond. Who knows 🤙
It makes it so that if you move your mouse slightly diagonally, it still counts as horizontal. In some cheaper mice it's just a quirk of the sensor/firmware designed for desktop use but most likely OP was using software that adds it.
Cryostasis Impact Drill, who doesn’t want to smash their enemies with a giant hammer?
I don't understand it either. Recently I had a game with a duo who was just so fking weird. It was a deadlock and jett, and 70% of the time they'd be AFK during buy time or one of them would be AFK. They'd come back literally AFTER the round starts or mid round. They don't even buy so it's useless. One of them literally acted like a bot then randomly said "sorry I'm playing bad I'll just let my bf play for me" and they started instant tapping heads 


One time I had a guy say "sorry if I'm AFK, I'm doing my tax return" WTF why did you queue then😩
My duo usually likes to apologize for everything- he plays duelist and will go on site with no follow up and get 3 and die and when we lose the round he's still typing mbmbmb in chat like that's a reflex.



I started copying him, so when he writes mb or sry when it wasn't his fault id also say mb and often the whole team will follow and be like "actually, it's mb" until we're arguing whose fault it was, and we encounter people who are like "why is this lobby so positive, be more toxic wtf" fairly often which is, imo, way more fun than being in lobbies that are toxic for the sake of being funny
Yeah bro is farming clips for TikTok by spamming unrated with bronzes while they’re ascendant. Doesn’t even play ranked anymore

Tracker: https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/Rawzu%23xxo/matches
i like how everyone is guessing silver or gold when you have the ascendant gun buddy lmao.
Time to do some research!
if i get hit by some butterfly shaped flash im gonna uninstall.
taking the entire map pool out of SPIKE RUSH is just crazy
This guy reads
I don't care anymore, now I just mute them and keep talking, hoping they get mad they're being ignored. Arguing with them will NEVER result with them apologising or thinking they did wrong, so it's a waste of energy. Sometimes they start trolling, which increases their chances of getting banned, so it's a W. And I don't forget to report them at the end of the game, saying they have been sexist in VC. Then I move on to the next game. 

Also, playing bad happens. It has nothing to do with gender and I'm sure you know that, so why would you feel bad? You know your value. The less you care, the better you perform, trust me. I left gold/plat elo when I started to not stress out about performing badly, having a bad game, getting called boosted etc. I'm sure you can do it. 🫶
Sentinals funbase glazing apparently
Yeah, most radiants have no chance in pro play. Ranked and pro play are 2 different games.

In fact most of the time, people don't go pro because they hit radiant. What does happen though is that people hit radiant because they're pros.
To help raise awareness about violence against children.
It also sucks getting made fun and harassed because of accents. I moved to NA, and i'm trilingual, so sometimes I have an accent while speaking english. Just the other day, I had a game where me and my teammate Astra were in a 2v2. My Astra gave me a callout saying, the enemies could be flank(we had planted the spike). It's not a bad callout at all, but my teammate Iso, who had been dead for a hot minute, started tweaking and talking shit to Astra, saying it was a bad callout and don't give out misinformation. Iso continued to be a POS and spew bullshit in voice comm picking on Astra and how Iso would also start giving misinformation. I defend Astra saying it wasn't necessarily a bad callout, but Iso wasn't having any of it. Astra muted Iso, and we continued to play the game. Later in the game there was a round where all my teammates died and I was in a 1v5, i killed 1 and dropped my Phanthom quickly for a Vandal because it guarantees headshot kills. There was another round where I dropped my stinger bc there was a Vandal on the ground. Iso and his duo continue to press me for dropping my Vandal for the new skin lmao. So i'm like what rounds did you see my drop my Vandal for the new Vandal skin?? i dropped a Phanthom and Stinger and explained why. Iso had no response to that so when the game concluded, he typed a lot of BS in chat saying he feels bad for me, my situation and my country so I should send him my gofundme link. All this bc of my accent and me defending myself and my teammate. 

Games like these can happen time to time but I don't really let it define my Valorant or other online game experience. There are many friendly and chill people out there too so I just look past games like these and move on to hopefully better ones.
Finally a good reyna
I'm ascendant.. there's shrimp and a crab on titties?
People really wants to stroke their ego because their skill in this game is the only thing they got going for them 😩 manifesting better games and nice players for you op.
honestly, I would either give her a 2nd nade or the ability for her traps to restun until they're destroyed
+ texture + jingg + tenz
Guys when you commit suicide the pain doesn’t end you simply pass it on to your loved ones. Ask for help we all need it.
It was replaced by the MVP screen with you whole team now right?   
No enemy MVP. The community was so excited for it back then

But I get it, the old one has its own aesthetics too!
You get ascent? I play almost exclusively on breeze and lotus, sometimes on icebox
Don’t see 1:36 in that clip
Iron-Silver already play in lobbies with at least one, if not multiple smurfs, appearing pretty frequently. It can feel frustrating to play against smurfs constantly and I understand why it might feel like the only solution is to bring your own smurf. Especially if they want to 5 stack. 5 stacking in low elo is gonna end up being more often than not you'll run into an enemy smurf. I like a solution where maybe you're playing a support agent, watching for the enemy smurf, and targeting them, while enabling your teammates to focus on the other enemies.
jokes aside. this bundle is not for me
Straightaway
By whom? Do you have any official posts/interviews on it?
Mans is lurking as Jett, what a god /s
back to supporting 3rd party spacial audio is nice
yea if hes 'hardstuck asc' bc hes learning raze then he really isnt radiant. he should at least be immo1 even if hes playing a character he is terrible with
Everyone in this thread is a shrimp.
Surely its server issue
the cove not going down when it’s shot, just breaking the bullet-stopping, would be awesome. I agree. that already would make such a difference
Players in that ELO have no idea what positioning you should have based on your character/util. A baiting jett really isn't a surprise to see tbh
I definitely agree with this. I'm afraid he's just escaping life but not being aware that's he's doing it. I have talked about the possibility of this and have brought it up to him, but it still doesn't seem to get through. It feels like he's digging himself a hole. Stressing about money, but between choosing to make money or play valorant, he chooses valorant because the temporary escape is easier than the long-term solution? How did you work on your mental health? Is there any advice for me to help him with this?
league got arcane like a decade after league came out. but anyways a val movie is the in works. i believe 2025 is the rumored release date
For Duelist, I'd recommend Phoenix. He's very easy to use and you can just focus on your aim. His flash curves a short distance so you can flash around walls and peek. His ult is a 2nd life where you can run in and entry. Then I'd recommend Jett next as she can create a lot of space on a site since she can smoke herself and dash in.

Kayo's kit is 2 flashes and molly. His knife/ult disrupts abilities so that can help you out as you learn all the agents and what they do. Turn off their abilities and make it CS lol.

Brim and Omen are good controller/smoke agents to use. Easy to learn.
TEAM LASER JETPACK PANDA SQUAD
If i understood correctly, they didn't deal enough damage to kill the OP, since he says:

>Me, Brim, and Reyna started every round with half-health after this torture and STILL clutched our rounds.

However, I do agree they should have a threshold of how much damage you're allowed to do to your friends in a match. For example, if in 10 rounds you gave out 500hp of damage (50hp per round), you should get banned, because that ain't normal.
doesn’t have the same benefits as in CS where character ratios change. only the HUD/UI will appear stretched and crosshairs. the only “advantage/benefit” would sometimes stretches res can give more FPS in val
Sentinels identity is more locking down an area rather than flank watch, Sage has no flank watching tools after all. Her abilities designer explicitly said her sensor isnt for watching flank so I doubt theyll change it to not be able to be snuck past.
Sound is important
Damn we left bro behind
Odin ftw just bought the sovereign Odin and haven't used a rifle in 16 games. I didn't win all of them but I definitely started having a lot more fun
"I hate icebox so much.  That map is garbage."

Based kid.
fuck warmups, sleep early and wake up early, shoot like 3 bots in range then you're good to go
But First, We Need to Talk About Parallel Universes
It is, Beta rewards gave 2 titles, First and V1.0.
He's had the sub only chat since forever, ever since I found out about him a year or 2 ago, I wanted to watch him vod reviewing popular radiant streamers, everytime he would make a point that I don't fully agree with, I'd try to point it out but would never be able to do so since his chat is restricted, he tends to over analyse every micro movement in the vod reviews to a ridiculous extent, i remember one time fakeananas was being vod reviewed and he hopped on stream, everytime wohoojin would predict that he did this specific play for this one reason, ananas would respond with something along the lines of "didnt really think about it at the time, was just out of instict or common sense".


Even from personal experience as someone who has been in low immo 3 since ep 5 act 3, over analysing every micro decision and movement is something you do NOT wanna do in a ranked game, it messes up with your reaction time, confidence and decision making, it is exactly what you do not wanna do if you want to make It to higher ranks. I'm not saying this out of cockiness, but if I really cared enough I'd be able to make it to  radiant by finding a solid duo and playing 10-15 games a day, that really is all it takes, I only have an average of 40 total wins per act since ive hit immo 3 for the first time, that was my only goal and now I just play the game casually to maintain it.

I'm not trying to say wohoojin gives bad advice, to be quite honest I barely watched a stream or 2 and some of his videos back in the day, he might very well give out solid advice nowadays since everyone in the low ranks praises him (haven't really seen any good immo/radiant players praising him but that's besides the point). I'm not really surprised about his account being bought either, I've never seen him play himself besides in custom games, even then his performance is barely worth any praises.

 All I'll say is, if you really want to get better at the game, play more, warm ups are fine but shouldn't take more than 5 mins of your total play time, watch good players such as nats, curry, s0m etc... obviously don't try to mimic them since they have good teammates for the most part, but try to educate yourself more by watching them, and the most important one of all, get yourself a duo that also wants to improve and rank up, it makes the journey a lot more easier and fun.
They really just ignored this giant ass Brim reloading this giant ass gun right in front of them
Me trying to focus on holding the site against 4 guys while getting flashbanged by military grade yellow siren headlights:
My buddy in game name is literally Maggot. You’re good bro lol
Bots are very real and it sucks
hey, he thinks i killed someone, no need to fix that let me enjoy the glory a little
I have had sage res me at 6 orbs, it's true you get the orb then
There’s some random spots on the map that makes weird noises similar to this before the round starts
I was Iron 1. I miss those carefree days.
Maybe if you dropped 43 you would of won.
Plastic 7
No way THE Miruspixels is commenting here, this player's a living LEGEND
Lmao this was possibly the best application of the fast equip time
nice cock
Holy shit you just shown me the coolest thing in a while for me
Riot again just contradicting their own design choices. They nerfed Cypher trips so that they deactivate after his death and now we get this.
They really added a map with fall kills without doing any proper play testing hey
Some people dont play consistently enough to have such a high level. I know people who started in beta who are lower level than me, who started in episode 5.
I think the too old term comes from having too many responsibilities to put in hours.
Around Bronze 3 based on the fact you haven‘t used a single ability in the whole round, movement / how you move your mouse and your minimap settings (can‘t see more than 10 meters 😂).
something is playing her right now

[https://www.twitch.tv/valorant\_pacific](https://www.twitch.tv/valorant_pacific)

But not "many teams are now picking Reyna"
You seem to be plugged into valorant and harbor… 

Do you think harbors wall should not slow teammates and himself like vipers wall doesn’t work on their teammates 

Or should It have a different effect / longer up time 

What keeps harbor situational ? What would make him better ? 

I love harbor. But only pick him as a secondary controller - but sometimes that feels silly
aww what a cute and thoughtful friend
The valorant community is much more popular than siege in non western countries, there was a significant backlash to the raze kj thing too, as well as the pride bundle.
this reminds me of the gambling comments "99% of gamblers quit before there big win"
Phoenix is likely exaggerating. Water can't actually kill him, he's probably joking. If that was case he would've quite literally be already dead.
Why didn’t he cancel tp
You can use him to climb yeah and headhunter is pretty much a hand cannon rlly if you lose first round i often buy 4 bullets and most of the time i can get tap or 2
Raze nade 😈
Thanks for the advice. It's frustrating, but I guess I gotta just wade through good and bad games with random teammates.
Have wingman defuse while your teammate shooters asteroids and you pose.
Is this going live today? I'm a new player on console, so I'm not sure how patch rollouts work for this game
Cant lie I think the maps gonna be aweful to play in. So many different elevations, corners, skill jumps, and the bomb sites... oof
Neaces coaching was never that good tho, especially in hindsight after watching content from alois for example.
It honestly does when you read it out loud
The storage should be like 100,000 not 10,000
I play a full run of risk of rain 2 monsoon simulacrum, with all negative artifacts turned on with railgunner, on my valorant sensitivity
That's not a bug, that's a feature!
I bought my boyfriend the kuronami bundle and up to this point we had cute matching titles and player cards. The next day he changed it to a matching one with his male best friend and I felt like a third wheel while playing with them. I feel your pain. :(

 It was hard, I ranked up a lot but he bought me the Mystbloom pack so I forgave him.

(obviously I wasn't actually mad, before someone starts something lmao)
That breaks my heart that people do that. I’m so sorry
Oh, wow. Solid colour skins. Neat…
Hopefully they make it so that you can set a custom default filter for your collection

Sucks trying to look for a skin to equip only to see a billion things I specifically cannot equip, nor even purchase to equip unless they just so happen to be in the store
This is my guess, unless reyna somehow didn’t full clear the new box. OP should check their career and check the timeline for this round to confirm
"They nerfed Raze so hard", - they screamed. While:
It’s honestly unplayable atp
I literally only play skye 😭 WHO DO I PLAY NOW
damn
I ran into an Omen maybe 2 years ago, I think? who was completely deaf. He told us in text chat beforehand, and requested we use pings as much as we could, but he understands pinging isn’t the most effective thing in this game- it would just really help him out.

And by god did that man drop a 40 bomb that game. I wish I remembered his name, he was a small twitch streamer. He kept Notepad up for him to type on screen and talk to chat during downtimes. I was Plat at the time, but I remember pulling up his OP.gg a couple months later and the dude cracked immortal 2. There’s always a chance he was boosted or faking I suppose, but that’s a LOT of effort to fake it, and I’d prefer to think he legitimately got there.
i wouldn’t say as bad simply because she’s speaking less so not nearly as much wrong, but it’s not great
It’s still an encouragement regardless, may not be for you but for others it definitely would be. I don’t think kill banners and finishers being common is any kind of justification for them, they’ve clearly shown that they have no intention of putting them on knives. 

Personally I’m not against the idea but if this is Riot’s reason then I can sort of understand.
ye... for the first couple hours most, that is. Imagine tilt q for ~6 hours and some chump starts demanding shit every 10 minutes
Because for some reason, Valorant as a whole takes 10x longer than most other games to load.
It's possible your hidden MMR is lower than your rank so the game is trying to get you to where you belong.
When yo own teammates smoke entry on attack like bruh is common sense not to
They fixes the cypher wallbag, cypher mains rejoice
I really need to get back into that mindset, I got a 10 win streak and it ruined that mindset lol
Tap/burst fire. The recoil goes up very fast so you either have to account by aiming down and crouchspraying (not gud) or you reset the recoil by tap/burst firing.
bro is him
Long Q time in high elo so they buy to play with friends or smurf for fun, it's a throwaway account nobody cares if it's banned.
And last time it was “why does every bundle come with a guardian??”
I would much rather have a 50+ year old teammate than anyone under 16. It’s no contest.
I think it was awesome and actually great partly BECAUSE the game is called Valorant.
my vote is for “im depressing them” cuz you’re making them vulnerable 💀
I am in disbelief. Way way to much. It looks good, but definitely not that good.
Csgo hs% is calculated by what % of kills you get with a headshot and valorant is calculated by % of bullets that hit that are headshots
These creds are used to buy sprays and chars… = they are bullshit. Use them, they are not worth to save…
Outlaw is really strong but only on certain characters

As you said Chamber can be really good with it, the headhunter helps for reloading and you can use Rendezvous to tp away if it doesnt kill on a bodyshot

Killjoy is really good with it since her turret can take some health off them and make them one shot guaranteed, and her other abilities also make the gun one shot in the right situations
It was always a nightmare to play on those lobbies. But now people have an opportunity to learn how to smoke.
NO DONT USE IT IT WILL STEAL ALL YOUR FAMILY, STEAL BOTH YOUR KIDNEYS AND BREAK YOUR KNEECAPS IF YOU DO! DONT DO THE SAME MISTAKE I DID, YOU CAN STILL TURN BACK!
Crouching at the very end of a peek prevents you from getting one-tapped at high Elo by people holding the angle and it also provides more first-shot accuracy. Crouch peeks are much more common in CS:GO/CS2.
It's common knowledge imo to buy second round. However, it's not common knowledge in the lower ranks even when I was Platinum which is mid elo I've had to beg my team to buy second round.
Fade literally overpowered all the agents until Kayo jumped in and muted her abilities. Agent like Fade would be OP as fuck if we were to go with lore. As a matter of fact, I think every Radiant agent would be extremely powerful.
just play jett
Gonna go insane if Fracture doesn't come back soon
Never heard ppl said “skye can you tasmanian tiger”
My friend is addicted Valorant

Basically my friend used to be a self respecting engineer and cared about his own well being, he would go to the gym 5 times a week and was making big bucks for him and his wife through his engineering career. Around 6 months ago he discovered Valorant and since then he has been absolutely addicted to it playing 10+ hours a day, always screaming and yelling when he dies in the game. Due to how bad his addiction is he has started to neglect his wife and his own well being, he stopped going to the gym and would often skip work to play Valorant. Eventually leading to his work making the decision to terminate his contract, due to this he started to play even more every day 18+ hours a day , missing essential sleep and not eating properly as well as ignoring his wife. I’m not sure what to do as his condition is severe and I wish he would return to how he use to be before he played Valorant.
This is why I'm pissed that his second stim beacon got removed. I would rather have two stims with reduced radii.
She's not terrible at a high rank she is just terrible in pro play ( or so I've heard)
Try stretching your hands or lower your sensitivity. I had this issue and I went from plat 3 to dia 2 in a few weeks.
I have faced this situation numerous times ever since I have been playing valorant. The amount of mental frustration I have faced knowing we can destroy the enemy team but the guy throwing takes the spike and keeps giving away locations. A kicking system similar to CS is really needed right now, or the player should be striked with a hardware ban, but should not be allowed to just get away with it like this.
Completely different style of gameplay. What’s harder? Basketball or soccer
Fake runaway was nice and the shots were even nicer
so when r they going to boot Breeze and add Icebox
What happens?
Yeah...
\*Dies again because you ulted while dry peeking 5 enemies in the last round 💀\*
Definitely a nerve racking experience if you have teammates yelling at you in chat or vc lol
It has to be Cypher. Teams change their whole plan against a Cypher. The amount of times we push a site and see a cage or a trip and change the plan immediately is so often.
i'm pretty sure the pic is fake and he is using it as a joke
Every Deadlock ability is extremely weird and unpolished, you just always need to expect that they just don't work and are fine :)  


(Known bugs are e.g. that the net animation around enemies is still shown even after they died, the ultimate just gets blocked by thin air sometimes and the wall can destroy itself when placed near a player of terrain)
Yea his model hid behind the spike body. Only head was visible but that also was obscured because of animations near the spike
Yes, when you’re aiming at the site with wingman it will give you an outline of where wingman is going to plant, so just aim where you want him to go
Champions 2023 just feels like aimbot I can't even explain it but it just gives you superpowers
Would recommend following ValorLeaks instead. Higher quality page.
There's plenty of trolls, and yeah, now women can do that shit too :p
Yeah it’s like they don’t have a life and they have the biggest egos known to mankind
So true. I feel like I could of clutched if they weren’t blubber mouthing, but maybe I’m just bad 😂
If this actually does what it sets out to do then this is a great start to addressing the smurfing issue in ranked, not sure if this actually applies retroactively to accounts that have been bought for a while now though. Can anyone confirm?
I think Raze is just too good in every situation. She can entry frag at the speed of light, clear corners with her bot, and hold down areas with her nade. The nerfs are probably gonna make it so she's more of just one role instead of being a jack of all trades.
I love it when there are three people in front of me but the enemy Reyna just so happens to one tap me out of all of them
diamond 2. your aim is actually quite decent. your util usage is also good, just the timing is off. for example, you’re lucky no one swung you after the fake plant when you pulled out your recon haha. but good clip, dude!
I got a comment on my "game sense" today. I'm bronze 3.. I just heard them on grass.. there is only grass on small part of map..

I've started coming even when I'm dead cause people really are oblivious here.
It is now abyss which feels like a deathmatch only map cause its sooo huge and has so many corners an paths lol
This is most likely true. 
Explanation: At the moment when your back was facing the elbow and you were watching the spike (48 sec mark) Sage came out of the elbow (inside the hall part) and was already behind you when you turned left to check it again. Right when you crouched and made the footstep she was behind you. Just got timing on you. The video also doesn’t show you clearing deeper into elbow so we can only assume Sage was there.
F R A U D, talking down all the time on everyone even people that are immortal3 and less is just insane when in fact he can't even get back to immortal1. He was immortal previous few episodes only because he had Radiant mmr from ep3, doubt he can even get fresh acc to immortal. So many times he's starting sentence with "we radiants think like that or will do like that in this situations" lmao, also the other lie that he have alt account that is radiant on controller is a fvcking joke.
nope
Yoru…
Is there anything Woohoojin does not have? Amazing
There is no mid, I assume when they say mid it’s market or one of the shorts, but yeah they’re wrong. The whole point with Bind’s map design is there’s no true mid lane
Just focus less on the rank and more about playing the game.
What I notice from your gameplay is that your first bullet accuracy is not good.

It looks like you really are not comfortable with your sens and as a coach. I would highly recommend that you drop the sens.

You only need to comfortably 180 in this game, if you can 360 in one swipe, your sens is WAY too high and you are missing out on important precision.

I dont care what any one else says, if your first bullet accuracy is high, you will become insanely good at valorant very quickly.
Hardware bans go crazy
Yeah I understand the frustration but the rank reset is really only 2 times per year which marks the start of a new episode.  If I understand the rank reset correctly, at the start of each Act you basically just get the same rank you had previously regards of the outcome of the game.  With that being said, if you are committed to improving then the 6 months should be ample time to improve your rank prior to a reset.
For the graph of success, Natural talent decides your y-intercept and your hardwork decides your slope.
Played 10 plus games after placing p2 havent won once 😭😭😭😭 either crazy close games or just get stomped
The best women only team wasn't able to qualify for America's challenges. They were beaten by free agent teams who aren't paid to play valorant.

 However some females could play in the challenges but why would they? If your mel right now do you start/join a FA team and not get a salary for 6 months and MAYBE qual or do you stay on Shopify rebellion and smurf the GC league with a salaried position.
Whatever makes you happy is worth it. Out of these skins I would probably get butterfly if I was buying skins, because I like small knives with spinning inspect, but rgx looks dope as well
many players (me included) didnt grow up with shooters. most games i played when i ran out of ammo, that was it. it took me a while to adjust to pulling out my secondary and even remembering i had one in the first place. 

i literally forgot i had one most times. nothing to do with confidence, tactics, anything. i just forgot. 

after a couple months of playing, i had a moment where i knifed an enemy because i ran out of bullets. i went to chat and tell them that i had zero bullets left when my mate told me i had a secondary weapon. 

after that, i rememered i had a secondary more often. 

if this specific event hadnt happened, i likely wouldnt have used my secondary well into gold.
That's nothing compared to what they did to Fades face.
It has been NaN days since the last Outlaw VFX skin
You clearly missed?????
I was going through something called a limerent episode. Limerence is an emotional state where you essentially become obsessed with establishing a romantic relationship with your crush and allow interactions with them dictate your mood. My crush played valorant and now I play valorant.

Probably not the answer you expected.
Only thing i complain about is how much xp it takes to complete. If im playing any other game in my spare time that basically means im not gonna finish the pass = wont buy, or it comes down to the very last day. Not joking ive completed at least 3 passes on the last day. 

Personally i like most skins from the pass. Not everything needs to be flashy or animated. Sometimes simple and clean is better.
Idk if they were immortal but these guys were definitely dogging us in gun fights. Whole lotta head taps off the first swing and very aggressive
if you play with HDR on and you record it, the recording dosent capture the colours
9900 for the bundle... These prices man
His VOD review style can definitely be seen as "flaming" but to me it's just a certain style of coaching. He wants to be that naggy voice in your head that tells you not to do bad things. You can't call out the flaming without giving him credit the other way- whenever someone has good gunfight hygiene or performs above their rank he is also quick to call it out. He's pretty good at identifying whether your current limiting factor is aim, knowledge, or mental.

When he flames diamond players it's because they're making gold plays. To my understanding, a diamond player can have bronze moments and ascendant moments and his goal is to cut out your bronze moments.
This is the real answer.
- Yo cypher, let my wawawa defuse pls 
- wtf is wawawa
i dont know, general consensus i've collected from reddit and twitter is that everyone dislikes him. when clove first came out he was just saying some very weird shit on twitter, probably to farm engagement. everyone I've ever seen calls him cringe, but there was a small minority of people who still agreed with him. i feel like most of his viewers are young, don't care for following valorant outside of the game, or  just as weird as he is. 

tldr: I don't think "we" still like westjett. he's just alive bc he farms engagement
Exit frags are meaningless if you're just doing them to pad your K/D. 

Plus, depending on the situation there are times it's best to let them live, but you've always got that 1 Reyna who's going to chase down the guy and get the kill, only to give him more credits and a better gun for the next round.
Duelist. 

People put such a massive pressure to perform on them and they're always seen as super toxic, even though every role has their toxic and non-toxic people.

There's also a huge misunderatanding that duelists should always top-frag and if they don't get 30+ kills they're "throwing/trolling". Duelists are supposed to take/create space and create opportunities, getting kills is more of an optional by-product. If their team performs well and does a good follow-up, the duelist doesn't need to get so many kills.
"Look at all these losers paying money for a game when you can play games like Valorant and League for free!"

\*drops hundreds of dollars for said free game for pretty pixels\*
They all get boring eventually
Seeing the abominations that are peoples smokes that are like the enemy picked up a 6th player is pretty funny.
just about everywhere is long-range gun fights. there's essentially only 1-2 viable smokes. Viper/Cypher are generally considered mandatory. both sites are essentially the same to attack (one big main choke, and one side entrance).

I think conceptually its cool, but to play it competitively is just tiring.
Maybe he's just low Elo lol
Yeah I've been playing this game mode non stop and it's nice to have. I've always wanted a way to warm up with bots in a custom game. But this basically is that so it's a really nice warm up too. I agree, good job with this game mode rito.
My partner is doing very well with the gun. I must say it feels strong. But it feels justifiably strong for a gun of that price range. Now I do think that the second shot is a bit too accurate for my taste. Very often i just hear two bangs and get hit twice in quick succession, with the enemy just randomly shooting, no wait for recoil. I cant tell yet if it is just unlucky from my side or if the recoil is really miniscule.
Yep it does , after all you don't have to worry about the killjoy ult after dying
I'm sorry I'm new to the game but how do we access it?

Great clip btw
The more you play the more you realize just how common this stuff is
If I remember correctly, these three new maps should also look similar to three already existing ones. Bind, Ascent and Split I think, but I'm not sure anymore.
It’s not that big of a deal. If you have sova you can easily clear his setup as well.
Brimstone can literally call in a massive orbital laser. Of course a teleport everyone can hear isn't nearly as impactful.
Pick rate isn’t really an issue. Just shows they’re popular and sure maybe less agent diversity, but high WR would be alarming. Jett’s one of those characters that will probably always be popular due to the flashiness and the high skill ceiling
People gonna go crazy 💀
bro found the mob spawner
I take an ace over a match win in my low-ass elo to fuel my low ego any day as well.
Yet another Jett nerf would actually start a civil war in the community. They should just move the death barrier closer than 5 miles below the map
Around 30 Euro. I'm not a skin fanatic but I do want to support the game so once in a while I buy a battle pass.
It won't last long https://x.com/preeti_riot/status/1785783792197906678
I guess we just didn't buy enough $100 bundles, if only
I believe it is the high time for some pierogi and vodka action, or at least give us a Czech agent and give him a lot of funny voice lines with little Czech words, cause these sound like little silly children babbling
Same but the other way around, the "heavier" a gun sounds the better it is for me cause it reminds me to tap inst of spray
Can anyone explain the screenshots? I don’t understand a lot of the terminology
My favorite are the people who try to fake defuse, but immediately make footsteps.
It's not worth the time. It's like arguing with someone on social media.
There are sales at the night market, now I got Valorant smurfs accounts for boosting from -agata-smurf-, level 20, so that you can immediately start - a rating game and choose 2 agents to open them instant.
What do you mean *now* women can troll? They always could.
I honestly came close to this once when I had a 3am iron comp match years ago. Each side had 4 bots and one actual player. Basically me and this other guy would 1v1 until we then killed the 4 bots who were just afk walking forward/stuck on walls. So every round one or the other of us would ace. 

Randomly like 75% of the way through the match, some of my or his bots would unexpectedly right click us with a classic so they actually had a few kills amongst themselves. The was the wildest “win” I’ve ever gotten in competitive. I think somewhere I have a pic or screenshot of it 

Obviously that doesn’t count but it was absolutely wild and funny as hell! I know I got at least 40
Riot is super by-the-book. so depends on the actual sabotage. Running around and never shooting, making noise next to you so enemies detect you location etc etc will most likely get away either it. Util usage against teammates and the sort will net a ban
fade is trying to push a massive doodoo since last patch
Weird I'm having the opposite kinda of day my team's been great meanwhile the enemy team had a 9 year old saying the n word, a guy who kept gifting us spike and a game that the enemy team wouldn't stop trash talking their worst player.
Yes servers are lagging
Deathmatch actually has a completely separate mmr system, you are probably just a high ranked deathmatch player even if your real rank doesn’t reflect that
some guy said the n-word then someone said he could "hear the blackness" in his voice and original guy said "im not even black im just racist"
56/44 he's on the other team. The odds are not in your favor
The only reason I play Valorant is because CS2 has cheaters and Valve won't do anything about it.

The CS2 community, other than the cheaters, is overall better than Valorant IMO.  A leaver or crybaby thrower have never impacted my games in CS2 because that game has pause and votekick which deals with both of those problems.  Amazed that Riot has dealt with cheating but not griefers/afkers/throwers.
Weak mental
I honestly don’t know what’s worst, missing all the shots or not noticing you’re being shot for a whole ass minute
For your cake day, have some B̷̛̳̼͖̫̭͎̝̮͕̟͎̦̗͚͍̓͊͂͗̈͋͐̃͆͆͗̉̉̏͑̂̆̔́͐̾̅̄̕̚͘͜͝͝Ụ̸̧̧̢̨̨̞̮͓̣͎̞͖̞̥͈̣̣̪̘̼̮̙̳̙̞̣̐̍̆̾̓͑́̅̎̌̈̋̏̏͌̒̃̅̂̾̿̽̊̌̇͌͊͗̓̊̐̓̏͆́̒̇̈́͂̀͛͘̕͘̚͝͠B̸̺̈̾̈́̒̀́̈͋́͂̆̒̐̏͌͂̔̈́͒̂̎̉̈̒͒̃̿͒͒̄̍̕̚̕͘̕͝͠B̴̡̧̜̠̱̖̠͓̻̥̟̲̙͗̐͋͌̈̾̏̎̀͒͗̈́̈͜͠L̶͊E̸̢̳̯̝̤̳͈͇̠̮̲̲̟̝̣̲̱̫̘̪̳̣̭̥̫͉͐̅̈́̉̋͐̓͗̿͆̉̉̇̀̈́͌̓̓̒̏̀̚̚͘͝͠͝͝͠ ̶̢̧̛̥͖͉̹̞̗̖͇̼̙̒̍̏̀̈̆̍͑̊̐͋̈́̃͒̈́̎̌̄̍͌͗̈́̌̍̽̏̓͌̒̈̇̏̏̍̆̄̐͐̈̉̿̽̕͝͠͝͝ W̷̛̬̦̬̰̤̘̬͔̗̯̠̯̺̼̻̪̖̜̫̯̯̘͖̙͐͆͗̊̋̈̈̾͐̿̽̐̂͛̈́͛̍̔̓̈́̽̀̅́͋̈̄̈́̆̓̚̚͝͝R̸̢̨̨̩̪̭̪̠͎̗͇͗̀́̉̇̿̓̈́́͒̄̓̒́̋͆̀̾́̒̔̈́̏̏͛̏̇͛̔̀͆̓̇̊̕̕͠͠͝͝A̸̧̨̰̻̩̝͖̟̭͙̟̻̤̬͈̖̰̤̘̔͛̊̾̂͌̐̈̉̊̾́P̶̡̧̮͎̟̟͉̱̮̜͙̳̟̯͈̩̩͈̥͓̥͇̙̣̹̣̀̐͋͂̈̾͐̀̾̈́̌̆̿̽̕ͅ



>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<>!pop!!<
Neon movement wise. At least for me
They're doing a rework on Reyna that's how her dismiss works now
https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/SEB%20CHIKU%239529/overview

This was a 5stack lobby. The team with silver and golds all had a good game. Everyone except the enemy yoru had a bad game. Overall the yoru seems to be a sht duelist, probably baiting his team a lot at the start of the round and playing for stats instead of the win condition. Playing with lower rated players probably boosted his mmr quite a bit :)
Gekko threw;
1. Doesn’t kill you after detaining you and chooses to let his ult go to waste
2. Plants where you have easier access to the bomb and he can’t hold with an awp
3. Doesn’t pick up the vandal right next to where he planted. 
4. He is committed to awping with that plant so he should have played backsite for a slightly longer angle
5. Lets you defuse
easier: clove gets it thrice if on fracture and vs a phoenix and sage and clove comp (they both give ult orbs) that way you get 9k
Kyedae’s pretty normal. Woohoojin is too if you can get past the fact that he’s a talking banana
hey buddy, i think he means that you could screen record, or take a screenshot
that looks like some strong assist to be honest.

as a M and K player, this does look strong compared to other console assists
I love people shit talking as if they never have bad games. It's hilarious.

Especially cause you can see if a player is good or not irregardless of how many kills they get by watching them.
give me the ability to assign skins to specific agents so all my reyna and omen skins are purple, jett white, phoenix gold, etc
In valorant community that's dinosaur age tho
It was just not Tenz or Zekken's day, but SEN is definitely still making it to Shanghai
Who are you and why are you spitting fax
“I blow bubbles”
“Bubbles”
Radianite is the scummiest thing I've seen on a game. Like my indie dev in christ, I just bought a skin bundle for $95. How on earth are you gonna make me pay extra to enjoy it?

L company.
It's actually depressing, Bucky point blank on the head should take their head off not a somewhat serious wound
The other comments are dumb, you’re absolutely right that the current end screen is sorted stupidly. And you made it very clear that you knew it was just a nitpick
i wonder if the rocket hitting you directly somehow caused the server to register two instances of damage instead of one. like the rocket hitting you is one and then the explosion is another or smth. idk, looks like a bug to me.
I liked him till today and him bitching in his community post about Clove being non binary and how it’s bad for games
nothing more frustrating than a reyna in ult who just dismissed your headshots twice cause he killed half of your team
omen was mewing so hard the bullet hit his jaw and bounced back
Yup. Our comms would go:

"Viper on side boob"

"Jett on cleavage"

"Chamber on right nipple"
This is oddly high budget
As someone who plays on a bootcamped 2019 MacBook Pro, am I gonna be screwed with these TPM requirements?
My first two comp ranks were Abyss. I’m cool if someone wants to dodge it. I won’t, but if someone did I wouldn’t be upset by it.
I remember some Aussie complaining that Skye sounded too Steve Irwin. Like a bad caricature or something. At least her VA is an Aussie.
that was my exact reaction
They should consider a trust factor like CS, where if you get constant reports and they are verified, you get paired with other low factor players.

They could also use the HOTS system. You like to AFK and troll? great, you get 3 matches with other people who have recently AFK'd and trolled, oh and also 3 games is fake, you must win 3 games to get rid of the competitive offense tag.
It's always breeze
I just brute forced honestly. I accepted the fact my aim was shit and just kept playing until it was not shit anymore
Its a good idea, im surprised this isn’t a more common trend amongst esports
Yeah, a 1v1 arena would be amazing for practicing peaks without the bullshit of 50 million people shooting at you from all angles in Deathmatch
Like how do you? Never mind .....
Its literally Cache
Her C locks you in place, Her Q locks you in place, Her E keeps you from progressing further, Her X literally locks your whole agent and pulls you to your death. She literally "deadlocks' you dude, I feel like she's the most effective sentinel in locking down a site, hence the name "deadlock".
When someone is being toxic to the bottom frag constantly, like ok but how the fuck is that gonna help? You’ll just make them feel bad and probably make them play worse than they already are, just try your best to encourage them and they might start playing better.
Breach isn’t bad. In fact he’s really good and super annoying for the other team to deal with. 

He just doesn’t have any info gathering util whereas Gekko does. Also wingman plant goes mrmghpfhmrpgphmgprmghg
Nah. The bullet transparency is a huge drawback, and most of the times you only need to break one node, maybe two. 

In fact, with Sage, you only need to break one node but you get more out of breaking the rest because the wall obscures a lot of valuable info. You could be getting 50/50’d and a lot of sage players like tucking into the wall. You get more value the more sage bricks you break but with deadlock you get near full value just breaking one. 

Her util is also on way lower value on offense as well.
They also rarely comm and sit in spawn when the round starts.
I find that bundle better than 90 percent of the skins in the game. Vandal is crazy especialy the white one and the dark red one (this could also be daid for almost all other wepons in bundle). I like how the ratatatata sounds. All knife variants are crazy and unique.
Everything else I could try to accept.. But nerfing the molly to 1???? wtf man😭😭
Dare I say "Precise gunplay" ?
Basically put, a replay system massively improves the skill expression potential of this game .
Well, Valorant is now a RPG game
In my opinion if you consider everyone's roles and usual timings in a higher elo game, it should probably be Sova. If you play initiator the correct way you should usually be a bit behind the team setting up lineups and trying to time them with the push, the spike stays safe, and you literally have no one to fight and no ability to use, there is your window. Omen can take it to if he ain't lurking, but honestly your cypher should be lurking like 75% of the rounds there.
probably bronze/silver (maybe gold?}
-random breach ult wasted beginning of round

-cypher barely reacted 

-no smokes for heaven/tree bc u dont even have a smokes player in the first place for some reason

-didnt use cloudburst before dashing into site
So is half of youtube content creators being immo2–3 peakers putting titles including Radiant, but they were never close to that. Check jolly for example he puts Radiant rank on his videos while he is 300rr peak 5acts ago, and he just plays unranked 5 stack with 4 low rank players and stomping silver players for content. Same goes for Rawzu and many more
Bro ops situation is way worse sure that sucks but it was simply bc that brim was better, classic is hard to use and him double clicking you is just him being good. But ops situation you can't lose to a bucky and it be the other person being good you just messed up.
My eyes hurt watching this
When I used to play on frankfurt I'd always call them Greek. Works wonders you should try
OP I have never felt like someone is cheating in my games.
Im playing this game since the launch and I jave only seen the cheater detected screen once.
( I dont mean to say that cheating is non existent here)
The dumb on console is in full force, everyone is sprinting and running around corners 😂 I’m screaming lol
The battle is over. Thank goodness
Yup, rule of thumb - never play a team-based competitive video game on a big holiday (Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Year's, etc.)
There's a higher chance that you will get matched with someone who is bitter and alone, as opposed to a normal-acting teammate.
Had some chick immediately say “I’m throwing” at agent select when Abyss came up. No one responded and she said it 3 more times with increasing volume. Was so obvious she was just trying to get someone to dodge, we all just locked in our agents and played.

She ended up top fragging and we won like 13-6 lol. People need to stop being scared of the new map, you’re never going to get comfortable on it if you don’t play it, and you can’t just dodge it forever. Not saying it’s the best map ever but so many children just call “shit map” because they don’t know how to play it and couldn’t possibly blame themselves. Happens with every new map. The enemy is just as clueless as you, but you’re going to fall behind on map knowledge if you keep avoiding it
what time is it?
Do you have game pass? I remember when it was added it unlocked all agents, not sure if it counts for every new release tho
I see it EVERY DAY bro.
The first one is ok, It's should stay like that.
But the split one is annoying (both, especially the second), also on Breeze A main, dizzy can land on those bars that's on the wall.
Play escalation instead and wait till team deathmatch is released June 27th, a pretty decent warmup plus it's pretty fun
Fnatic Manager here!

Please Delete this.
Whenever someone instalocks and starts having an opinion on what the other guys pick, I make sure to say that they should pick what they like not the agent/role mentioned.
Tbh, he just clipped a bounch of clips where he missed, everyone misses even immortals/radiants, and they can look even worse. ITs his fault for not showing when he did well.
Great for pro play because it'll allow teams to be far more creative with compositions.


Terrible for literally everyone else, as she's neither fun nor viable to play in solo queue at this point. She literally has 1 use of non smoke utility. The worst part is this probably won't be implemented in pro play until next Episode, meaning the player base is just taking the hit now for nothing.


Imo they should just remove the damage on Snakebite so she doesn't have lethal stall / post plant / clears. This would allow her to lean into her Controller fantasy & take out the aggro Sentinel.
You've never watched pro players either if you still think that's what a 1 deag is. Stay silver bud
when im lowkey losing the mood and then the next map is icebox
The only thing I am impressed by is that You didn't give up
You're everywhere replying to my comments lol
Ain’t no fucking way Riot doesn’t have the money flow to staff all their employees twice over. Bad management decisions.
My classic does not do that 😭
Watch some vods and learn few lineups for tp.
You can always guarantee good timing on tp+flash by tping right after your flash hits the surface. 
Bad Yoru is always lack of prep.
Ascendant. Sometimes they spank Immortal 3’s, sometimes they’re walking ult orbs. Inconsistencies are the most jarring when dealing with Immortal 2+ in the same lobby.
Prolly because ascent is their most standard 4 square layout map. Ascent is basically Valorant's Mirage/Dust2
PRX F0rskin
On the contrary, faking mid is high-elo because the higher you go, the more important each part of the map is.

If you watch pro play, you'll see that pros will fight not just for sites but also for A main, B main, or more importantly: mid control.

At a high enough level, applying fake pressure on mid is a legit strat. But you said yourself that your lobby is full of Diamonds, so of course they don't know how to make the most of it.
This might sound dumb but none of my skins match his arms so I dont play him
That's true, if Kay/o thew a gun at me, I'd also die.
This looks sick but genuinely wondering, what is the body part duelist logo is tatooed on? Like I am confused lol
This looks pretty damning.
Nah that would be pretty OP if you knew their blind status and their location (cause the projectile). Skye flash tells you if they're blinded or not, but again, you won't know if half blind or full or barely blinded. 
That's true. Especially the dog, no?
prob because it needs 6 player to defense
We can only hope, buddy.
Is it just me or do like 80% of the new bundles look extremely similar? Makes it really easy not to spend money.
She's good for maps like bind and icebox because you get a safe plant. There's also split which if people don't break, the mid wall is a faster rotation through mid than CT. The res isn't bad either since it's a 6v5 as long as you have your ult when the circumstances are right.
Yeah wtf I haven't seen anything over 500
Man abilities is another thing , I underestimated how much 200k xp is in valorant , holy hell 

40 min or match (on good days) gives around 15-20k xp
Enemy chamber fighting mound early getting a kill and not tp'ing out is also interesting. Could've tp in the first 20 sec but don't think so with his position behind the boxes
You're now in aura debt 💀
Personally i find kayo's flashes to be the easiest to dodge, the tiny little can is engraved in my mind to flick away super quick then flick back, breach flashes on the other hand, i cant dodge for shit
It’s in the bookshelf, just grab it
I started around when the game was released. I'm Iron, and probably always will be. Granted I don't play much, but it's fun when I do. We're not all Valorant superstars, play it if you enjoy playing it.
I mean all it would take for deadlock to be good is make her trips either a) go off even when people are walking when they’re within a certain range of the sensor itself or b) make it so the enemies can’t hear them. I mean why tf would you bother putting down a sensor when the enemies can just hear it and walk past it to get right by? Every other sentinel’s flank watch doesn’t do that
To be fair to the OP, I think his primary point is this issue makes the playing experience for iron to silver really shit, which is true. If a game’s ranking system requires you to get out of the low tiers to stop getting trolled, the problem isn’t on the player, it’s on the system. The whole point of having tiers is so that anyone at any skill level should get to enjoy the game.
Curious if they’re gonna combat keyboard mouse adapters for it.

OW2 has a huge problem with console players using  kbm with the added aim assist.
Anti-rush Deadlock setups on A. Since my lobbies are bronze, it's a guaranteed massacre
LOOOOOL OP wasn’t kidding when he said crazy ace. One bullet too I’m fking ded 💀💀💀

Edit: it was 2 bullets but still
Bro is making some devious plans
at least diamond, aim transfer was smooth and didn’t seem panicky
He went to the top 500, got the radiant tag and then dropped to 606 when the season ended.
The *real* reason why I miss Fracture:
The CS casual mode fucking sucks why would you want that in valorant
Nah this kills her (in pro play atleast) a lot of strats were built around her throwing her orb to gain some map control at the start of a round, then picking it up and throwing it at the spike/ at a choke to stall retake
Swiftplay does not equal playing like an idiot. You can still have fun by playing the game by how it's meant to be
Wallbang through the Prowler. Unfortunate
Raze nade + decay = sudden death. My silver ass got aced from rushing A main on Lotus with that combo
This makes sense. I remember googling ‘Woohoojin mean’ or something because I just couldn’t get over how he talked down to some people during VOD reviews. No one mentioned it so I assumed maybe it was just hitting me the wrong way. But I’m glad to hear others notice it too. And that there’s been a shift over time. I thought he was a bit too critical.
It’s def a bad move for them to take fan favorite maps out of rotation tbh. Haven out of rotation was a bad call and Ascent next episode will also be a bad call. I get that they need to do it to rework stuff but yeah it makes sense that everyone dreads this act because of the map pool since it’s a lot of unpopular maps in rotation rn
Dive duelists are meta, no matter how much you Nerf them they gonna be meta unless you super buff the other non dive duelists. Same reason for viper as well.
I really want to compliment , but this clip was just really … it’s so hard to find anything to compliment on . Bronze 3 -silver 2
I absolutely agree, i dont care if i win or lose i just want a GOOD game with similar skill level, good comms and no toxicity, is that too much to ask?

I havent had a single good game post this reset, not a single one. Always troll or smurf, or both in either my or enemy team.
I got the bundle and this kid wanted my vandal but with only like 4 seconds left til round start, I just dropped mine and took his default. he was genuinely amazed that I would give up using it for a round hah like man you enjoy it, I can use this gun whenever
I bet they both laughed.
I have no idea how this happened.
The footage is fine, but after i rendered it in Vegas it changed.
I'm not even colorblind :D
Can't even tell if they're trying to balance for the pros or the casuals with how unwilling they are to bring back the most tactical map Fracture
The point of the Night Market is to make people believe they're getting a "good deal" when they're required to buy more VP than what they actually need and they purposefully exclude the majority of the good skins to make players most likely own multiple skins.
Good to see they're keeping up with the bans against them
The higher rank you are, the more nitpicky he gets. Its pretty rare to see him outright make fun of someone for being low rank. As you get higher rank, the standards get higher for your gameplay, so he gets more strict. Plat/dia is not high ranked
Both parties enter with 150 health, including shield. Winner leaves with health they had before entering ult.

Say Iso has 60hp, ults a Cypher. Both fight inside at 150hp. Assuming Iso wins, he then leaves with 60hp.
Display rank means almost nothing, your mmr puts you with people of similar skill
I went into this with a bit of doubt but nah you cooked. I wonder if he will ever address this since it probably means both him and JeyG will get banned.
kill, assist, survive, trade

trade being, immediately after your death, a teammate was able to simultaneously shoot the enemy that fragged you and “trade” the kill in this strategy FPS game.
No, you are officially free from making your game look 15 years old
I used to play smoker a lot as a filler, usually Omen as there aren't many around so this one is a great addition. Great kit, great voicelines, great design, really fun to play.

Curious to hear some downsides from people that played them though. Is the kit too good? Will they nerf something?
Tracking is the last thing you want to be doing, crosshair placement and movement management are far more important in this game
Why not use a left handed keyboard
I have found over 1500 games that asking “do you guys have mics?” Brings no communication until round three when someone finally coms “I got mine.” I’ve been three stacking and our new rule is if one person has a mic and doesn’t just weirdly moan we run it, neither random talks we dodge.
OK but what are you doing in spawn while there’s 10 sec remaining on the clock
Nah, bind it to jump, lets see him crouch now kekw
Because riot has to give people’s a new feeling of progression on the hamster wheel. It is absolute bullshit and only benefits people at the top who get to destroy on their mains, get the dopamine hit of climbing back to where they were, and then either hitting the actual grind again or making Smurfs. It’s a stupid fucking system that’s made even worse by how the morons at riot handle their MMR system.

Apex actually tried to switch to riots system and it was **so negatively received** that they switched it back immediately after one season. That’s how fucking trash it is for anyone who has experience any other system.
Tokyo crowd is such a W, not looking forward to NA ascension coming back to Brazil
I’m pretty sure that Killjoy was originally going to be Italian but was switched later lol
The dismiss the only lasts like 3 seconds
I honestly have had to start refusing skin swaps at the start of rounds since I'm playing Cypher a lot rn. Like, I gotta get my setups going and every second counts.
 those people are probably used to playing smokes + people want to play the new agent.

So you have someone trying the new agent (who has smokes) + people who are used to playing smokes.

Plus I can't play valorant but from what I've gathered on the sub is having 2 smoke that bad? It might be a good thing.
Thanks for the logical advice. I never planned on stopping education however a gap year my not be a bad idea.
I have a 2560 x 1080 monitor and I was told by support I cant play fullscreen so for the past 1 - 2 years I have been playing windowed mode with 1650 x 1080 desktop resolution on windowed. TLDR: Its not by choice.
Your way to slow, try flicking your mouse to the bots head instead of slowly dragging your crosshair.
I tried. I told him that he sucks balls on fill, and he just said "yeah, yeah" and kept filling
Second this. I pretty much give them to whoever if it isn’t ranked. Even if I notice one of my team mates without a skin I’ll toss it to them before they ask.
Ok mr. Radiant
Yes crouch in low elo where everyone aims for the body and you get shot in the head.
I got a 4k once, everyone sacrificed themselves to give me an ace while I was shouting "KILL HIM, I DONT CARE ABOUT THE ACE". They died, I died, we lost
You're up 10-7 dude why is this a round you "really needed"?
Don’t know if he still preaches this but his whole thing was basically “I’m not a good player, but I studied the game and grinded my way to Radiant”. His whole persona kinda takes a hit if it turns out he lied about actually hitting radiant.
"FF boys", "Sir we cant its VCT"
I’ve a feeling it’s less to do with “god tier aim” and more to do with better positioning, crosshair placement, and decision making.
cos ur using ur brain, everyone in unranked is basically running it down whilst eating smthing at the same time
Lower ranks are fucked, it's not smurfs but random players who got stuck in a loss after loss loop.
One match I'm having to explain what button to press for defuse, the next match I'm dealing with a 40 kill jett who insta headshots.... Riot games always been shit at matchmaking, we all know that, but this is getting out of hand lol
cypher doesnt die, new trend is that every cinematic of omen is gonna have him tending to a bonsai plant or knitting
Riot: best we could do is more overpriced crappy skins.
4 stacks talk most of the time on discord and forget about the 5th man in the game.
Everything that you can find publicly is detected. You may be able to cheat for a week or two, but you'll be banned.

The main issue is the 5-stack cheat boosting. I've been playing a lot of 5 stacks recently and the amount of blatant cheaters is extreme. They all get banned in a few days/weeks, but they've already boosted the customer, taken the money and can create a new account - rinse and repeat.

Look at this gem of a player for example:

https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/vortex%23main/overview?playlist=competitive

Look at his stats and the ppl he is 5 stacking with.
automatic remake, no voting needed, doesnt matter if your best friend is going to be back, just remake
"she's been seeing pro play recently" is a bit of a stretch. While technically true, it makes it sound like she's being picked decently often.

However, the only team using her is PRX, and they only use her on one map, being bind. And even then, the only reason she's good with PRX is because 'something' basically smurfs in pro play.
uwuenu 👁️👄👁️👉👈
Hidden ELO is mismatched with your rank. Game thinks you're boosted. Win more games or lose to match them
bro fricking went full samurai mode on that reyna eye
Yeah, on top of everything, the ego he has developed sure does not help view him in a good light. But that is not important to the main point, I would not let my subjective view of someone's personality interfere with what I brought up here. Sorry to tear the curtains right off.
Omega turbo infinity banger
Its stupid and makes no sense, it should be if at least one person votes for remake it remakes
clearly you havent been in this or the LoL sub for long.
My favorite line
its also only 6 points. you get more value if you use it multiple times a half
Thing is, its not only for unlocking agents, you can unlock previous battle passes accessories and everything, making the system unfair. Players who’ve unlocked every agent wont have anywhere near as much “Kingdom credits” as new players who will be getting a shit of it.
Plus they’re not unbreakbale lol, bro brought up the KJ stuff but you can break the cypher stuff, you just gotta be willing to use util to scale up 

In a simple way to explain its, I used the util to destroy the util type situation
The biggest problem about Ascent is that it's largely a solved problem.   


The Omen/Kayo/Sova/Jett/(KJ/Cypher) comp is simply excellent on this map, works well, and plays pretty 'fairly' in that mirror matchups tend to be dependent on the players not whether or not someone starts attack/defense.   


It's not a bad map at all, but it's gotten extremely stagnant and predictable. Unless something big changes, like the map itself or a new agent upends the meta entirely it's unlikely to change outside of small wrinkles that don't make much difference in practice.
I'm absolutely not excited for Pearl, never enjoyed it. What I'm looking forward to however, is the potential changes they did to it. On one hand they didn't communicate anything on the matter, so I shouldn't be expecting anything. On the other, Pearl and Fracture have been out for so long that it seems crazy to me if they actually didn't come up with anything at all. Also, I think that having the map back in unrated is the perfect testing ground for new changes (and avoid another Breeze Halls fiasco).
If Riot gets caught doing "literally anything on your pc", their 2 billion dollar company would rot to the ground, 17 years of trust would shrivel up and die and 4500+ employees would lose their jobs.  If your friend actually cares about privacy, I sure hope he doesn't have any social media, or a phone.
Never heard that one before haha
I always thought that was just part of the ability, but yeah fire abilities healing him is definitely a cool passive! Could brims molly potentially do the same thing? That would be cool to see
I like playing valorant. If I didn’t I wouldn’t play. I generally play with friends though, because playing any game solo is not as fun. I don’t really play single player games either anymore though
Wrong pronouns
well i was SMFC in CSGO tbf haha  
and like 450+ ADR in PUBG
Instalock Jett : dw I got you

*proceeds to lurk whole game, do nothing for the team, AND bottom frag* 😭
say ur from the somalian hood n only interested in oiled up black men that always works for me
wtf is this audio
"My le gun, it le killed people" -Chamber
probably not tbh
I think you should always go for the ace because it’s fun, and why are you playing video games to not have fun
The people on this sub ignore the fact they are part of the issue
Fighting for your life in vc
4 years of muscle memory gone in an instant, no clue as to why this was updated now
"Instead of paying $50 for this shitty knife, you only have to pay $40!!!!"

Me: "No thanks."
Your first step or so doesn’t make noise
Summary:
Shots 1-5: Clearly missed.
Shots 6-9: Missed due to recoil (bad spray control).
Shots 10-11: Very close, but recoil and inaccuracy make these reasonable misses.
Shot 12: Likely didn't actually fire because Gekko was already dead.
I second this
id guess silver 3 or gold 1
W/L and round differential are the primary factors.
Harbour has been out for a while, if he was good people would be willing to admit it by now. He has an incredibly low pick rate for a reason.
If they start yelling at you, then mute them, if they're asking nicely or haven't done anything other than coming up to you for it, then it's honestly better to just give them the skin rather than risk having them start yelling or throwing
not the 360 headshot after sticking the landing 😭
I wouldn’t be surprised at all. 

I’ve been doing a lot of reflection of why I’m hardstuck and came to a couple conclusions, the most simple being that the role I currently play just isn’t suited for me despite how much I love it. 

I love playing as Cypher and Deadlock but I also enjoyed my time as an Omen main while also performing a lot better so it just makes sense for me to switch back.
Chamber
Always expect 5-6 divisions lower on a major reset. 1-2 on a minor. It’s always been like that.
I like the "what you doing?!" Like he just caught someone picking up their teammates skin off the floor mid gunfight
relatable
This is the advice. I'm ij my twenties but my reaction speed isn't it.

I see clips of tenz and by the time I see the enemy he already killed them. 
Slowing it down it feels like he reacts as soon as the first few pixels are on his screen. I just can't keep up.

Once I changed from holding my aim close to the angles to further apart, I can more consistently kill them when they peek
Never ask why the clip stops with the last player standing
Idk it's just up to you. If you suck at entry roles, support roles are good to work with. You have a gun in any role just think of how you like to play. You'll rank up fastest in the style you perform best.
Cypher: free wireless security camera($180)

Sova: free compound bow($400)

Brimstone: free ipad($800)

Deadlock: free prosthetic arm($80,000)

Breach: 2 free prosthetic arms($160,000)
he's probably always busy with gigs that he needs his mask and suit for, and i can't imagine him actually enjoying being in the vicinity of tons of people. but i guess its gotta get uncomfortable at some point.
I'm 170hrs in and got just 2 agents to unlock so can confirm
99.5% of the playerbase isn't actually playing the game 🤯
Either deranking, or just upset and very sensitive about something a teammate said or did a few rounds previously.  


They could also could just be upset at life and looking to take out some anger on some random strangers.
Worth
I’ve just accepted the fact that everyone on this game and subreddit are insufferable
She won't become meta because of her skill curve imo. However neon 1 tricks are going to become the most terrifying thing to encounter.
Never thought about that. That's a great point. Sage is the only one that doesn't have something that stays up all round. 

This is a reach, but Jett's passive of floating you can use all round, but it's not getting a ton of value.
That man is beyond repair.
The walk button makes it silent.  Otherwise you can hear enemies use it.

Most of the time they won't hear it though, because they will be positioned away from the sound radius.  

They can't hear it at all before round starts.
Oo or like a genetically enhanced hamster piloting a ball or or a space born monkey...

Valorant takes place in the near future, so I don't think it's likely
chamber with 2 trips, 9 pistol shots, and 2 tps basically giving him back his old tp, with some extra steps
Dude, nobody was there. Are you stupid?
No, the important detail is that some wins are better than no wins.
ah shit, now valorant won't work on my pc anymore after the update :(
an op shouldn't shoot as fast as a marshal. day one chamber however
Tenz is worth the hype. He’s such a good watch. He explains every action he does, and is very thankful to his community. Also he’s NEVER toxic. This goes along way in my books.
idk how lore accurate Iso's suppress is (does it have the same in-universe mechanism that Kayo's suppression has?) but if he does canonically disable everyone's abilities in his pocket dimension then it would be a matter of whose innate radiant power is stronger between Iso and Yoru/his mask
Raze ult is not indefinite while unequipped tho isnt it? Im pretty sure the timer still goes down
What is that weird semi zoom in thingy?
"microwave is never full" - sova
I’m starting to think spectator sounds are louder, these two guys were yelling at me that someone was behind me and I swear to dog there was no sounds behind me.  (I looked just in case anyone tried to flame me, I ended up dying from the original angle)
I dint know what server yall play on cause the bronze lobbies I play in have fucking aimbot. I can't even hold angles. They barely whiff
Probably a new map and hopefully a new cinematic about them going to that location!
1. He clicked on some "free $50 vp" link and lost his account, the stolen account was sold to a high rank player and now they are ruining your games.

2. He bought boosting

3. He's cheating

4. The booster he paid is cheating on his account

5. He woke up with a third eye and is him, you'll see him get signed soon and shit on Tenz and aspas on stage.
If you are holding knife, you are not expecting enemy to be there lmao
Booglschmogulated too I assume?
Sova and Killjoy had a baby 💀
Why go for the headshot when the body shot was right there? Larger area to hit, and it’s a one hit kill regardless
If u mean agents, it is Iso. I died most of the time to him. Next is Cypher becuz of his tripwires
When playing gecko you can pull put your flash ability, look down, and quickly tap S. it will look like you're twerking
To be able to spectate your friends while you are in the lobby waiting for them to finish the match
I’m 37, when my team found out there was a long pause followed by “how’s that 401k doing?”
Because the model is less likely to clip through walls when trying to hide behind things.
OP was probably too busy internally screaming to think to do so
better to use the ult then to sit on it in most cases
that god trip on b…
You could try some Deathmatch games where you don't fire a shot. 

Just aim at them, strafe, aim at them again, repeat. Every fight is a guarenteed death, and you might come to terms with that.

Then you can start shooting and go from 100% death to maybe 50%, which should be a bit calmer.
This was my take a well... kinda like how they made harbor an aggressive, attack sided controller, her utility and the riot reveal makes me think her utility will be better on attack/ post plant. I'm surprised they didn't show her throwing her barrier into fracture tower. All her abilities kinda scream anti retake to me... the barrier, the sound concuss, the gravity thing
it’s not useless, it serves to remove the rank from inactive players
>Home to TenZ and Tarik and **anyone else who's even been important**

Nah shits wild
When Will they do something about the radianite?
Effectively doubles the cost of a skin.

And before people start defending riot for this shitty policy "oH ihAvE aLl the RaDiaNiTe, bUy baTTlepaSS"

No, buying extra stuff for a thing already purchased is extortionist and should not be promoted.
Close your ears cos I'm about to get racist
Go B long for the love of god
Summary:

Shots 1-5: Clearly missed.Shots 6-9: Missed due to recoil (bad spray control).Shots 10-11: Very close, but recoil and inaccuracy make these reasonable misses.Shot 12: Likely didn't actually fire because he was already dead.
Dude wtf. When I right click with the Classic, the 3 bullets end up in Haven, Ascent and Breeze.
Devs have decreed that 7 is the correct number of maps to balance variety without overwhelming newer players. Though I don't see why tf they don't just add all the maps in once you're at a certain rank, when there's no chance of new players
id say breezes gimmick is the size itself. its very open with extremely long range duels compared to every other map. i like that its there to give variety to the other maps, but the game isnt designed with a map like that in mind. alot of agents struggle on that map, and the same goes for most of the guns.
I'm not saying spectre is good long range, it isn't. But it's definitely better than stinger in my experience
No it had “Hit stun”, meaning that it slowed you if it hit you similar to how guns do.

It didn’t stun you like a neon stun or breach stun.
let Riot see this so less people get a fucking lag spike bcs someone is around the corner
same way brimstone can orbital strike on pearl without the entire map flooding
No, Riot will definitely put you in those games because it (mistakenly) thinks you're that good when the reality is that you just had a good match.
Your current guess, is a correct guess.
it’s literally worse tho
Very true
Free skins? This is riot we’re talking about right?
The second latest agent to be added, before Clove
It’s a canon event, they have to die for the 6k
She's just less conventional especially in lower elo and her kit is more macro-focused compared to more typical controllers like brim astra omen.
Gotta prove i've been in the trenches of Valorant Ranked xD

Ep3 Silver Buddy haha
I just don't see it being a solid map in a tac fps. Way too big and with too many random places to check.
Never ran into this issues but what I would do is create a new account to see if it did trigger a ban on your pc or not

That way you keep.your.main safe
makes sense, all the rewards there seems to be obtained already for older players
Unfortunately yea people pay even $50 for a knife skin and no they get nothing in return expect some joy we get after using a skin
Yeah.. this. As a brim main, I'll just say "I got flank" and go to my lineup spot.
Clove casually taking a 9mm to the head and not flinching
you’re good at art but why tf did you give her massive boobs…? youre seriously getting all the proportions right *except* her chest and all you can say is that you “weren’t worried about that being accurate”…? it would’ve been way less effort to make her flat chested like she is canonically but whatever the perv wants ig
The moment I read “what if you pair that with another sentinel” I knew it was going down. In todays meta there just isn’t any point to having 2 sentinels unless they offer something niche that you really want on a map. Imagine if in pro play they had 2 sentinels, set up on the same site and the enemy just hits the other, now the opposing side has to retake with 2 sentinels. Just bad.
This is the most common wall on Sunset but gj nonetheless
the other day someone did 90 damage to my overheal and the combat report said they did 0 damage to me. pretty sure this is a bug because doing damage to reynas overheal reflects on the combat report
Im 18, and im playing quite a lot in the week...

But my friend, dont worry about what people say on valorant... as the hard truth unfortunately is that its community isnt the best, even though the game is quite fun! People be E-dating... people having political debates... ive been trough it 😂

Rule No.1 in valorant: Give them only ONE chance! Are they toxic? Insta mute! I do it too and it works trust me :D
To add, another thing people don’t realize about a match of valorant is how much impact you can make towards a match win even with a round loss. 

Like you said, an eco round for you is not supposed to be a win. That doesn’t mean you shouldn’t give it a serious try because HOW you take that round L can impact the odds of future rounds for you. Getting spike down gives you more money. Getting frags gives you more money and forces them to have to rebuy next round. Forcing utility out forces them to rebuy. Valorant isn’t just about holding W and clicking heads. Managing the economy is an important aspect of a competitive Valorant match. 

Not to mention, playing with their expectations. We all adjust how we play each round based on what the other team does. And the other team does the same thing.
They’re immortal so they could be well over 1000, but physically they seem young. No confirmed age for them though
This needs to be reported to Riot
Stinger but it shoots horizontal Brim ults.
As always, simply getting to know people is the kryptonite of prejudice
There's a parkour course that starts around the left side of the practice range building, it leads you on a pretty ridiculous path.
ngl this is exactly the reason i don't like using voice comms
Wasn't it 20 games but too many people were afking so they made it 10 wins?
intern: wait did i send Description.txt or lmaooo.txt
"You don't kill with abilities. Abilities create tactical opportunities to take the right shot."
I’m terrible on console and I’m level 200+. Controller just trips me up. Only thing that keeps me remotely in these games is map awareness and game sense.
actually 51 he had to leave for a quick pee session in one of them
We only dodge Reyna flashes 💀
im gonna be honest this game is kinda unplayable at the start of a hard rank reset. im a peak p2 player who placed s3 and has climbed back to p2, but every single ranked game i play there are peak immortals or ascendants. you could have genuine plats on your team and end up facing some immortal fucker who did bad on placements. its just a mess in general. so many matches were won/lost by a landslide because the teams were so different in skill even in the same rank.
RUSH B
Damn. All respect down the drain.

He used to do like $1000+ private coaching. You would bid and the highest bidder would get private coached by him. Imagine how those players feel right now, lmfao.

Something else that I thought of but I'm on the fence about is his free coaching. He does free coaching on his streams- but if you pay for a discord subscription you get a MUCH higher chance of getting picked from the raffle. Again, I'm a little split on that because it's not like you're being forced to pay for the raffle.

Basically, he was profiting off of some lies. Crazy stuff.
Would be nice? Yes

Would be profitable? No. So riot does not care :(
yo what?
Honestly it could work if you either played up the comedy aspect of it or went serious and made it like a bunch of militia fighting in the bombed out ruins of a city with whatever they have left
just to let OP know, westjett is hated by the entire community bc all he does is edit his views and talk for views. a lot of his stuff is very exaggerated
Good for you. Next time u r drunk, play valorant but dont drive.
unironically better, because the 3 year old won’t yell slurs at you when you don’t entry as a sentinel 🙏
It's in the game files right now which is why you can preview it in your collection. Most likely the pros can use it because tournament accounts let you buy any skin/buddy to use and the Liberty skins are already in the game files.
thank you microsoft, very cool
That's because it's barely a smoke, just like cypher's 🙂
oh lol you right my b. i just saw purple and assumed reyna.
whenever im playing killjoy I always get flamed cuz I don't hold a site alone against 5 ppl for 1 minute while my team is rotating
omg ive wanted a jett knife inspect for soo long
Why are you criticizing someone for playing the game, in a subreddit dedicated to the game. It seems like he got everything he wanted out of Valorant and you’re just a weird, bitter freak. Seems about silver enough.
Even as an awper, breeze isn't fun. You're holding x place? Wait sorry they rotated all the way around and now you have to retake with a sniper while their viper put smokes down in an 2m² box and is playing line ups from spawn. Oh you didn't get econ advantage? Say goodbye to your awp dreams as the enemy team buys 5 of them and locks every single line. The map just isn't designed for an ability based game.
He's very difficult to play correctly. And he's often needs to be combod with a primary orb controller like Omen or Brimstone to be fully effective. Both are reasons he is considered mediocre to bad in Solo Q. He is a lot better in pro play than in solo q ranked.
Everything is a ripoff. Stay woke
> you could buy stars and refund them but it would give you extra money

No. You could sell the default stars that you get.
Chamber. No particular reason he just bugs the hell out of me
From 2 years ago so I don't know if its the same or not  
“Art for VP” is the VALORANT version of “Art for RP”, a program started in League of Legends to allow players to get a little extra currency when they are just shy of a purchase. For VALORANT, players can send a [support ticket](https://support-valorant.riotgames.com/hc/en-us/requests/new) with the subject line “Art for VP” and a piece of art to request a small amount of VP. The conditions are:

* You can only request Art for VP once per year (Riot may decide at any time to make this one-time, period)
* The amount of VP you request has to be 50 VP or less
* The amount of VP you request needs to result in an immediate in game purchase (ie, the amount you request is the amount you are short of a specific purchase) and can not just be a general request for currency added to your balance
* The art you submit needs to be created by you and not from any other sources
* There is no limitation on the art for quality or content as long as it is VALORANT related
Friend of mine plays Neon like she's an Apex Legends character: strafe sliding everywhere, slide jumping everywhere, easily 30-40 kills a game.  He's in Gold, but we regularly get matched against lower-ranked players, and they simply can't keep up with him.
In terms of KD, I have relatively bad stats, but I have a very high wr and can get to immortal consistently. Everyone brings their own unique strengths to the game, you just need to figure out how to leverage yours.

Some quick bullet point advice:
- the game doesn’t stop when you die, don’t backseat, but always comm locations and damage for your team if you can. 

- help your team make fast decisions instead of letting them waffle for 30+ seconds.

- have a plan for yourself and your team every round (this is hard but very helpful)

- only play 2 games then stop and close the game. Even if it’s just for 5-10m for a coffee break or to talk to a friend/family member. (Idk if it’s just me, but some games I feel really desynced from the server and others feel normal. Ever since closing the game and restarting after every two games, I haven’t felt that de sync feeling as much. Could be a total cope but it works for me lol)

- don’t duo/trio with people who are in your ear coping all game about how unlucky they are, or constantly calling everyone a cheater. Even if they’re right, you should stay focused on finding patterns and figuring out what’s working.
"so what do we do this round?" 

"Idk, but let me draw a penis on the map"

-most valorant player probably
to the one twitch streamer who throws and promotes their twitch: please stop that, this guy is upset
bullying right out of warm up
Always trying to full-buy, even though we only have 1500 credits per player and the enemies have 9000 credits per player and all of their guns/util from the previous round.
I was gold and legit went 0-14 one game. Got to diamond a few months after that. I recently came back after a year+ break and still playing mid diamond 

Everyone has their own pace
Be able to play one agent in each role at a high level. For me: sentinel- cypher, initiator- skye, duelist- jett and reyna, controller (main)- viper, Astra, brimstone. 
Not saying to be able to go into vct and dominate, but just being confident if you’re forced to fill a role. 

That being said, if you’re like bronze, play one agent at a high level. Quality over quantity.
Pay to win confirmed
That's not going to happen then because bulldog is worse than vandal and phantom in every aspect and odin is situational
Sounds to me like bc you thought raze was low skill you just played with more confidence and less fear of dying. Now it'll be fun for you to figure out that raze is one of the most mechanically demanding picks in the game if you're playing her right
diamond - imm
Neon was like an arms length away in those kills though to be fair
1: cypher
If you’re top fragging most games but can’t rank up, you’re probably baiting your teammates ngl.

In honesty in the end, saying "I top frag" doesn’t mean much. Frags aren’t as important as you think. Just have fun and enjoy the game 👍🏻
Have you considered using any utility?
Bro that's some jujutsu kaisen level stuff.
TLDR:

> Paid name changes ➡️ now no cost for changes

> 365 days to name change ➡️ now 90 days to change
No it was a terrible entry lol 


1. Updraft for no reason

2. Dashed to the right/middle of site. Now you have to deal with about 18 angles vs dashing to either behind or on top of gen where you have to deal with 2 angles 

3. Didn’t use your cloud burst 

4. Didn’t look left and right to clear your corners and reveal info. If someone who has hands (unlike that Cypher apparently) was to your right, you are easily dead as well as any teammate behind you. 

5. No utility support from your team (not necessarily your fault but without that you’ll die so often)
I aint  giving this game a single penny it already has all my sanity 🗿🗿🗿
Getting 8 billion pings at once sounds like a nightmare
Beanie
It’s not just that. They could have created a new way for her to place smokes, but WHY? The brim mechanic makes sense for her and her kit. Sometimes it makes sense to make new mechanics (Gecko), sometimes it doesn’t. That’s ok.
It's even more funny because the booster is a former student
I'll admit, i've spent way too much money on this game at this point and i dont plan on buying anything outside of champions bundles to support the esports scene, but do people really buy every color variant for every gun? Is that really a point that needs to be complained about? Because i know i havn't. The araxys bundle was the closest i've gotten to getting all the colors, and thats still only 2 colors on SOME of the guns
Fracture and Pearl have been gone for like 9 months wtf are they doing. Like I'm glad Haven will be back and Breeze gone but seriously this map rotation shit is getting annoying.
Not the point lmao
Forgot about Tarik’s lil bro, Zellsis is funny but also can rage a bit 😅
You do realize that they are entirely separate teams and domains?
ruse might be a smoke, meddle might be a stun or concuss and pick me up might be recalling smokes? idk
It’s wild and frustrating I’m sorry that happened. It seems to be more common in the evenings too.
but then more than 1 person can be radiant 490, it would also mean there would be like 20 ppl that have radiant 1
The finisher is nasty
> Dumps all flashes

> Doesn't push

Peak bronze
2v2 seems like such a fun idea until you actually play them
People are just mad because odin is ( especially in low elo ) conisdered a noob / troll gun  
Buy what you want.
Patch notes 8.09

- Enemy abilities are now revealed at any distance and have huge red arrows pointing at their exact location 

- clown horn sound effect added when enemies are behind you without shooting for more than .25ms 

I mean why stop at the cypher cam, let’s continue to dumb down the whole game.
Cypher being at 50 makes sense because there’s a cypher on every single fucking team nowadays. Let me go back to being the only one
Valorant is pretty boring on the London servers since all we have are knives and util.
They mentioned wanting to add draft in beta times but they need many more agents for that.

Personaly i love drafting in games like league cuz it gives so much deph. I feel like people would complain alot about it. 

Imagine picking kayo into chamber or in split you pick jett omen to get over sage walls mid.
You absolutely can get away with a low hs% in gold. I'm sitting at 15% in D3 and seen ascendant with even lower. However,  I do wish I could hit 20-25%, it would be so helpful
The marshal spin… THE MAGAZINE SPIN.
Hate it when i have a brim with no comms and the agent voice line with remeber to communicate comes up.
Soon as I saw you ping the skye where to plant the spike... here comes a JinZled ult :D
Tbh in my experience I don't throw on purpose. I already have to be around people with intense emotions and behaviors all day for work so when I get home the last thing I want to deal with is toxic people. When I stop having fun I lose the morale that keeps my performance up. I'll still try to be useful but my heart ain't in it so it severely limits my performance. I like to be competitive but when people are toxic I remember it's just a game and you'll get penalized on Valo for leaving so we are all basically being held hostage.
He speaks mandarin in the voice lines it’s pretty obvious
A couple minutes
The RR rating is not balanced at all! How am i getting only +16 as a top frag with 30 kills on asc lobby then get -23 as top frag again with a close match of 10-13. How is valorant calculating these games its so stupid.
You don't need Raze or Sova to counter Cypher. You can actually employ an extremely revolutionary, groundbreaking new strategy called "go mid."
og split was defense heaven
Absolute Cinema
Also add the camera gun cypher and  6 point nuke raze
I do switch up my crosshair from time to time. Sometimes it feels like my brain is so used to seeing it that I subconsciously block it out of my vision, so when I notice I'm not as aware of it as I'd like, I change it up a little. 

Usually I switch between a dot and an even smaller little pixel dot, but I have a couple more traditional ones too if I want to shake it up.

After a few days I usually go back to my standard small white dot.
Too much spray, not enough pray
I have spent more than a thousand dollar on skins in valorant but never bought such hype bundle like what's the point of every one already got it. Most of the time when I pick a gun on the floor it s a reaver it will be the same with this one
Leer is the absolute worst. You know Reyna is going to peek, so do you spam Reyna or shoot the leer? Either way, you’re going to get head tapped as soon as Reyna peeks. I hate Reyna with a burning passion
yeah but for me it was a blessing in disguise and it made me realize i was only playing as an addiction at that point and so i dont play videogames anymore (unless its a social thing)
I never understood either. You want to run them down with better weaponry to secure a 2nd round. Not be on an even playing field again with pistols.

I can understand if they're lurking and don't want to give up a weapon. Or maybe saving for an OP?
Sir it's Riot , everything needs to be competitive if you are having fun they need to remove or nerf
Okay, then what? It’s the same thing. You still would loose the round and die if no one was to help you or if they were 5 man pushing while you decided to stay without playing for retake. The only situation where I’d suggest you would save your recon is when you already know they are hard pushing your site, by spotting their util or hearing footsteps. so after they all pass through the choke point, you throw a dart in a spot where it’s high and behind them, impossible for them to flick their mouse 180 degrees and break it. You get info of their positions and maybe a spam kill through a wall or a smoke with your team.
An ace is getting 5 kills wether you win or lose the round
exactly. 

We were seeing esports professionals retire at 23 not because they were washed (some were ofc), but because many of them re-aligned their priorities and recognized they needed to chase a more stable career to start a family/buy a home/things of that nature. 

Now that professional and competitive game has been around for long enough, we know that "aging out" of esports that young is a myth.
lol, this is one of the best feelings when i finally was able to carry my team 😂. let me tell you, underperforming and still winning feels shit (at least for me)
As an omen main that fluctuates between both being mvp and worst smokes I agree
the thing with sheriff is when you have good aim and crosshair placements and game sense. You have a way higher chance to one tap someone and take their gun and higher chances to turn around an eco round.
If you have that good aim, just play reyna. That is just my opinion lol
Ty for easy kills. 

In all seriousness, there are specific situations where the Outlaw absolutely is the play. The main one being the enemy is on a low buy, and you have to buy because you died last round, or you bought it round 2 and continue to bonus with it. Id also add the map and toon youre playing matters.
Seriously, if your boyfriend even sightly matters to you,  don’t even think about breaking up with him too improve so he’ll be proud. Cause most likely he won’t play with you ever again if you break up because of such a stupid reason
Not pinging an enemy is also alot of information
tell him there is no support, just people who cant use their util correctly.
pookie my roman empire pookie dookie
the enemy jett in my rankup game:
Sub-optimal use but imo not a waste, with an op you likely didn’t have a close range weapon so using knives after getting 3 kills already I don’t see as being too bad. 

Normally if you can get 1 kill from knives that’s pretty good usage. 

If using knives would guarantee/increase the chances of the round win then it’s worth IMO. 

Again, suboptimal use, but it’s never a waste if you get a kill. If you used the op to get the last kill and missed the hipfire and died, that’d be a waste of an op. 

If we’re being really nit picky you didn’t need to push at all since you have an op. But while we’re just talking about that last kill, I think it’s passable albeit suboptimal
I've been an omen, viper and now an astra main. 

People say astra is very hard to use, and i thought so myself before. But now i think she's the most versatile controller and the easiest once you know how to play her.

Viper is miles harder to play, you have to learn a ton of lineups to get any good use of her.
Pretty sure an arm made by raze would either kill or implode on deadlock
Valid. I know the feeling of getting the specific data needed for the grade requirement.
?? you’re comparing a coach/analyst and a pro player
Hasn't CoD literally been under multiple scrutinizing claims of it's blatant MTX spam and pricing?
Ty, A new map sounds nice. Probably the one showed in the profile card from last bp
Riot hates their own players. No good quality of life mechanics is worth in their eyes anyway.
I’ve been playing Valorant for 2 years and have only met with 1 cheater. And although there are very few cheaters there’s a ton of smurfing
Smokes and sentinels are meant to stop site rushes. If they flash you, you flash them back. I love playing smokes to punish people confident enough to push through a smoke even if they have flashes
Man i think you should think entrepreneurially and take the offer. That's some good money for an hour
Kurinomi bundle is SICK
Enough of the humans. I want a sea creature piloting a mech suit, or something creative like that.
Honestly, take one look at the enemy teams money and it’ll tell you whether it’s worth using. I’ve had plenty of rounds where my whole team bought rifles, but I bought an outlaw cuz the whole enemy team was around 3300-4000 creds, usually indicating rifle, light shield +some util. On plenty of those rounds I got 3+ kills with body shots. Personally I think it should get more play. LEV aspas actually used it a decent amount in the VCT americas kickoff tournament.
Cypher.
Heed this omen you fool!
iirc the classic only has 48 bullets total lol
This example of many being why we women don’t like to com in game, then guys get mad anyways. Lose - Lose situation for us fr.
Gold is where people start getting more consistent with hitting headshots imo. Not perfect but a lot better than silver players from playing with my friends as a current mid gold player. 

You have to adjust your mental and realize that body shots aren’t going to work at this elo. Even if you get the kill you need to be thinking “why did I body shot there? Bad crosshair placement? Didn’t anticipate the swing correctly? Bad adjustment?” Getting the kill without the headshot is no longer good enough unless you want to stay in low gold forever
You definitely don't play viper, the worst and most impactful change here is the orb thing which is fucking awful, now viper will now have zero utility to use if they push.another site
Most likely because they hit her, she got healed and they hit her again. In total they dealt 160 damage to her but didn't kill her.
It's the only competitive FPS that's playable anymore it feels like. CS2 is so infested even casual seems spinners. R6 takes a special kind of masochism to begin with and it's cheating problem has only gotten worse of late.
Are you reporting this to Riot?
One time, I had a teammate who was self admittedly smurfing as jett. The first few rounds he got like back to back aces almost. Then one of my teammates called him a loser and he proceeded to spend the rest of the match proving them right by going afk and yelling down the mic/spamming all chat calling that guy a jobless virgin and what not.

Smurfing and trolling like that is a whole new low. 0 life individuals
enemy is complaining

"I AM NOT NOAH, I DO NOT HAVE A ARK, I CANNOT CARRY ALL THESE FUCKING ANIMALS"
“When in doubt, Odin it out” 
If the enemy team can’t figure out how to play around Odin, that’s their problem. I don’t run Odin often but if I am, I’m usually bottom fragging and it helps me get back into the groove for some reason. I’ll run rifles the rest of the match.
Legend
Things people tend to forget:  


* The game is about winning rounds, not getting kills
* "Team play" doesn't mean spreading kills across players, it means using the strengths and planning around the weaknesses of your team to win
* If you pick a role that's not duelist, expect to have less kills than a duelist

If you have a competent (not greedy/inting) Reyna, it doesn't matter if her kit is necessarily not beneficial to team if they can get 2+ kills per round. You should try to play around that, creating situations where that can allow you to win the round.  


Example: high/low double flash to absolutely mow down enemies  


It's true that Reyna inspires certain players to be selfish or throw rounds because of ego, but that's just the mentality of those players. The same personalities can be seen in Yorus, Isos, Jetts, etc.
Lol at them calling you a fat for holding an angle 😂
I don’t have as much playtime as you but I like playing smokes, I don’t see it as some kind of sacrifice. If you’re playing fill isn’t it kinda nice to not just pick controller every time?
i'm appalled by how many of the replies are blaming HER for HIS threats or finding ways to downplay how disgusting his threat was. this kind of stuff happens too often online, it's really sad.
American vs Rest of the world.
Reyna killed someone, overhealed, then also got 50 shield when she entered iso ult.
Lol lotus really is just a 5v5 deathpit on A with maybe one defender lurking flank from c if you're really lucky isn't it.
Wait you ATE that.

Like, the flashes too but I'm talking about the play.
lower pick rate
>neuron activation
I love how the people in these clips get CLOSER to a shotgunner. Like, *what* are you doing?
Because in a competitive game like Valorant, if you're playing seriously, then you would need a replay system to look back at the exact mistakes, what went wrong ? Before anyone says why not record yourself playing, that'll only give you half the information. You still need to know if opponent was expecting you or did they get lucky ? Should you continue to use X play ? Were they not hit by your util ? Lack of opponent POV / stats greatly limits any post match analysis.
Dont forget precise gunplay
Raze had the power of friendship on her side
Trick shot kills with Sova darts or the simple joy of just wall banging with an Odin
They could make it so you have to be within \~4 ranks of the average rank in the 5 stack. 25% RR reduction is not enough when you can just farm easy wins against way lower ranks.
how about a system like in dota 2 in which toxic people will be queued with each other until they reach a good behaviour score again
amazing ace, should have killed raze first tho.
bro the knockers are wider then the torso
Completely agree on the Smurf part. With regard to the team part, it definitely stems from her abysmal pick rate in pro play. Her blind is arguably the worst blind/flash in the game. The rest of her kit is completely for herself. None of it besides the shitty flash helps to get on site, which is a major problem for a duelist. She has no stopping power with something like a Phoenix Molly. Nothing to block angles like a neon wall or Jett smoke. No movement like Jett, Neon, and Raze. No intel like Raze and Yoru. No clearing corners like Phoenix Molly and Raze nade. She has nothing to help team economy like Chamber, Neon, and Jett ult.

Her kit besides shitty blind is heal myself and no one else, and get myself out of a shitty situation and no one else. Her ult just does both at the same time.

Every other agent in the game has 2+ abilities to help the team. Reyna has one and it's dog shit.

I think it's ok to have her in a team based shooter but she's by far the most selfish agent and it's not even close, so I can understand where people are coming from.
I don't think they should lose the alert. She is definitely powerful but it's part of what makes her unique and a kayo being the most similar to skye also has an ability to find enemies in a limited area via his knife. I also believe it kind of makes up for her having a healing ability which is just generally a lot less useful than the other initiator abilities.
So do you ever play? I feel like one of those three things is always in my game.
I saw comment on another post saying to drop a shorty at the sensor and it will detect if an enemy walks over it and picks it up.
damn thats a lot to keep in mind when entering, but you are probably right
riot please hire this guy immediately
you killed his ult
Okay, this battlepass is a pass for me...
First PC FPS and your at 130 hours and your silver your doing pretty good lmao.
Too bad he's a smurfing piece of shit.
Jokes on us, we ARE the play test.
Absolute 100% pick rate on the new lotus imo. The angles are just too good.
There would be no bot accounts purposely demoting if there were no smurfs?
Damn😔
That breach was a real bro for not leaving me there
3 HP and a dream come true
me when i post obvious art of my kinks
KJ: Cypher, can you show me round the dark web one of these days?

Cypher: Oh, oh dear, no sweetheart! We must protect you
I don’t think people consider yoru a troll pick much anymore
That gekko is sabotaging himself LMAO
No lie when I'm playing Cypher (haven't played him much recently though) the ult spam "give me a corpse" is so satisfying for zero reason. I don't even spam voicelines at all except that one.


Knife strikes are fun though lol
Apparently swift / spike rush having all the maps in rotation is what I miss now.
Double controller is great but requires at least some degree of coordination and communication that can be lacking in ranked.
Bright white
Its amazing looking back at the beginnings of valorant or overwatch and seeing how bad the average player was
You’ll do fine cause you’ll out aim everyone iron to silver at least.
Boooo
As somebody who created an account like a month ago, the default agent is still Gekko
It's actually rigged that way on purpose to keep you grinding. As you win lots you play better players who are also winning lots, until you start losing lots then you play people who are also losing. I'm not 100% if that's what they are doing but I've heard that what they do and in lol as well.
I have screen dirt lineups
doesn't sound very satisfying but ur aim is crisp sheesh
Riot has already mentioned this is impossible due to how the skin assets load into the game with you
You didn’t aim in all the way and the tracer is client side. I don’t remember the explanation of why, but the bullet tracers you see aren’t what the server actually calculates which is why there are shots that look like they moss but hit and vice versa.
Yea… it has been since the beginning :(

I’m from taiwan and whenever someone asks me where i’m from in chat i’ll type taiwan and it’ll be censored but they always guess from that haha
It's usually one of the most hated maps following breeze. For me, I just don't like the verticality on A site and that this map revolves solely around planting the spike
I hadn't played Chamber in comp since Ep. 4, and I tried him out yesterday. Very fun, but not broken, good job rito
You're lucky Breach held back...
This was generally hilarious. The iso walking through the cove and dying, the messed up Molly, the wildest sage walk I’ve ever seen. The grenade the did 200+ damage and then whatever that gecko ult was.
Not an easter egg and they (observers/casters) do that everywhere everytime.

I always see E.M.E.A bellow abilities in emea pro matches.
how do you do fellow kids but its actually working
Iron is actually a fairly rare rank in the end, because most players are gold or silver. It may also just be for the irony of being highly ranked and having a iron gunbuddy on your main gun.
Erm actually the vandal has 25 rounds not 30
the raid boss is the immortal smurf in my gold lobby
I mostly play Swiftplay since I find it really hard to find 45 - 60 mins of uninterrupted time in my life lol.

The only times I play comp really are when it’s really late at night and I know nothing will come up.
Plat. Oh my god you nearly threw the round
the controversy and his break from streaming really made a dent in his numbers as well. if you've been following him consistently, he used to have ~800-1000 viewers per stream and he was so close to hitting the 2k t3 sub goal for the 2 weeks in apac+eu but since the controversy that has dwindled to approximately half of the goal.
Gecko should never really be topfrag because his utility sets up his teammates more than him for kills
Where was she employed? Fast food restaurant or something?
Listen dude, I'm ready to die on this hill and say Raze hasn't been healthy for this game for a long time. She does it all with no weaknesses. Self sufficient entry, highest mobility in the game (rip double updraft), high impact ult, stall and area denial...at the cost of nothing. It's not like her abilities are expensive to make up for it. She's just better than everyone else.

The thing is, I think they know satcheling is basically her whole identity, so they will probably change it so that satchels need to be fully armed to move her. Just like how Jett needs to prime her dash.
But first you need someone's dead body
Reminds me of that Omen helping sage cinematic, really well done
That’s why I’m stuck in gold…….
1. At the start of the round you always know which half of the map is safe (your half of the map) 

2. When enemies get spotted by teammates they show up in your minimap, so that gives you additional info as to where enemies are (at least some of them).

3. Based on the previous two points you can make an educated guess as to where the rest of the enemy team could be. 

For example, say you are defending and the round just started, you are playing A site and your team spots 3 people on B. If they are commiting three people, it's likely that they are trying to rush, and since the game just started there is no way they could possibly be on your spawn, so you can just knife out and run through spawn confident that you won't get shot, and the extra speed will make it more likely you get to B in time to help your team stop the enemy push. 

On the other hand if you shift walk all the way over to B you are absolutely not getting there in time and the enemy has a much easier time pushing.
I hope you all love it, especially all of you asking for pink, pretty, beautiful, etc. skins! <3
This bundle has identity crisis lol. It kinda looks like forsaken more than sovereign due to the colors and that Phantom red looks like a reaver.
Do people really not understand this? The timing is just pure coincidence? Exposed as a fraud and says "I'm going to solo to radiant." He didn't even get close. And then it's "I'm burnt out by the scene, but trust me, it has nothing to do with me being exposed as a fraud." And people run in here and say it has nothing to do with it. He was in the scene for years and he just happens to want out right after his scandal and failure to prove he's actually radiant (or even remotely close). 

This is as believable as CEOs that get caught banging their secretary and step down to spend more time with their family. Nothing to do with the scandal that just occurred lmao.
Isn’t astra like a fucking god
Once had a Jett spam me this line while I was playing Skye in unrated. I followed him the whole game using only heal.
there is no way there are only 23 vandals with finishers
If he gets backstabbed with a knife on a 1v1 clutch he can re do the round so his teammates don't see anything
gotta be an EU T2 team
I love the attitude about that. You were basically his Intel though so he didn’t need to leave you. Hanging. You were always gonna die before he did realistically
Addiction. psychologist
That’s first bullet inaccuracy combined with the clove running full speed. Unfortunately the sheriff has it pretty bad.
in ranked = amazing agent, will likely shape the meta

in pro play = will probably not see much play, maybe some teams like SEN and PRX will try it but I don't think they bring enough to the table to replace another dome controller
Haven was rotated out recently. Fracture and Pearl have been gone for 6 months! Like in what world is taking out vital game content for 6 months acceptable?
It's abit higher when you get into higher ranks.
100%. This is beyond ridiculous. The devs talked about not impacting the "tactical loop" but this is way worse than the Raze satchels!
Sage trumped you. You hit her in the ear
Dude you think I have 9 friends to stage this 💀
All jokes aside, no Riot Mommy did not survive a headshot from the Vandal. My Killjoy turret did the 2 headshots.
Bro saved classic
I think it’s a bug, it’s happened a few times in my games w/ other agents, some can see it and some won’t. super weird
“don’t like his ult” his ult: disables all enemies util, has faster shooting & a possibility to get revived after he died.

I think he’s perfect
Harbor has his “cove” will clove have a “habor”?






This may be the stupidest comment I’ve ever typed
I hate it because I bought a laptop from bestbuy that was(unknowingly) pre banned. I logged in after a fresh install of Val, and my account was perma banned and laptop had a 120 day hardware ban. I explained the situation and their stance was firm that these bans are ABSOLUTELY irreversible. The fact that was BS and the account I sunk so much money into is gone forever but his lives on is beyond frustrating.
that early in the morning i think everyone is just too tired to be toxic
this is a tactical shooter
\*taps the sign\*  
Rank is not tied to level.  


If you aren't doing anything to improve (education, aim training, etc.), you can be level 500 and still be iron 1.
Does "i never made it past the log in part" mean u tried? 

They are all a scam. Theres a bazillion sites like that. I think on yt theres even streams from like "Tenz 14" that "give skins away".
Iso is cool as a secondary duelist, Deadlock is trash, Gekko is good, and Harbor is good on specific maps but still viable
Because you get tilted and start making bad decisions it's why in most games when people are bot frag they rarely climb back up to normal levels they're tilted and making bad plays.

It sucks but taking a break when you lose more than 2 games in a row is gonna help fix your gameplay much more than queueing repeatedly.
It's so rare that the only place I've ever seen it is r/tragedeigh
HOLY SHIT YOU'RE RIGHT
Totally agree. The battle pass is actually good this time overall.
the devs have talked about how they don’t want traps like that to be the defining aspect of sentinels, just a part of their kit. having 4 sentinels with 2 strong traps would ruin this. part of why deadlock trips aren’t that great and chamber only has 1.
cue omen dance spray
If you aim for the head on the 2nd or 3rd shot you will die to someone who headshots you the first shot, aim for the head, and tap fire if you miss, if it's close range you can spray
Fun fact, Viper once used to be the worst agent in the game before being buffed lol
I’m in ascendant lobby and I don’t use my mic with randoms as some of them make fun of my insecurities, the way I speak and can get to down bad bullying which makes me insecure. I sometimes type basic comms or speak a word or two here and there. I get really uncomfortable with what people say and European servers can get real aggressive with comms and it downright hurts. 

I tend to play with 3 stack so I at least give comms to people I am comfortable around and sometimes they relay the comms I give them. It works out well 99% of the time.
Did that joke really go over your head?
I am of the opinion that Breeze and Icebox are the problem and should be changed to be considerably more dome smoke friendly.

I am also of the opinion that Harbor needs a decent buff because while his pickrate is in an ok place its mostly on Icebox and mostly due to Iceboxes problems.
Nonono. A wall that goes through other walls, placed where ever they want, that heals phoenix, does damage to enemies AND lasts 8 seconds. Nah nah nah nah
2+2 =4 (source ?). Well anyways if u do a little bit of research u will stumble upon this article by riot which tells vandal is chosen more .. https://playvalorant.com/en-us/news/dev/valorant-data-drop-phantom-vs-vandal/
No
Tpaxtop on YouTube, OP did not properly credit either
Highest ACS i've seen
Every brimstone main's wet dream
are you all in middle school?
Someone threw my Silver 3 rank up bc i didn't give my skin, absolute clowns
yeah took me a bit to understand what ct and t meant lol
Aces are pretty common. I'd imagine at least one happens every couple games.

Plus, on console there is pretty big skill gap in a lot of games. For the 10-15% of players that are already familiar with valorant and it's maps it probably relatively easy for them to get an aces on the majority of players who aren't.
Funny thing is, he/she was the match mvp haha
that one mf holding the A key in a corner with a bucky: 😁
Radiant controller

Immortal controller

Ascendant controller 

Plat controller

Bronze controller

We are playing a 5 controller comp
ITT: radiant asks silver-plat armchair experts for advice

Just general life advice: whatever you do, don’t stop your education. I see the same tragic story over and over for esports. Most pros don’t make much money and careers have an extremely short shelf life and not many prospects afterward because they don’t have translatable skills.

Most pros dedicate their entire lives to a game and get minimal return. Only pursue the career if you’re ok with that.
What res are you using?
Bro Smurfs in radiant 💀
I think the most VALUABLE is Forsaken. I feel like he has the most impact when it comes to enabling his teammates in addition to fragging out.
lmfao, real.
Chamber's overconfidence in dropping both his guns and trying to one-tap the omen with headhunter. It's so funny seeing people act so overconfident like this and then backfiring XD

They almost lost the round if it wasn't for Gekko following up on the kill after that.
They only kept 10 people 💀
My homie from high school is on the team that works with artists and sets the prices 

The skins are priced for “whales” people that spend a lot of money and will buy multiple skins regardless of price 

They price out the 5$ buyers for these whales because they have proven to make more this way 

This is based off years of micro transaction data 

That has demonstrated they don’t have to be very “micro” to be purchased 

Skins literally cost more than games used to and they’re raking It in
I think he means TPing into a bank vault first
Dude it's so simple.... I hit ascendant elo and I still encounter plenty of people who save after a first round win or buy after a second round loss. Or people who say "they have money guys!" about the other team after winning the first two rounds. It gets so tiring having to financially manage the team lol, and they don't even listen usually anyways. I feel like it's not that hard to master...
Part of it is probably premier. I would imagine the people who like to organize 10 mans are getting that experience much more conveniently from premier
Idk how you write all this out and don’t put your age
Look at Woohoojin's latest video. He basically admits everything you said in this post lol. (Well it's not his latest video, but it's called "what happened to me?")
They don’t want the next bundle in each series to be an exact copy, so that’s why prime 2.0 had different colors and was a bull instead of a wolf, and Ion 2.0 got color variants at all. Each of those 2.0 bundles also looks a little bit different from their 1.0 variants
You're welcome! There goes my strat.
what’s a remake? i haven’t played in a long time
Deadlock's email, as well as a bunch of agent voicelines in game all refer to the new agent as they/them   
It could be that Riot doesn't want to reveal the gender of the new agent before release but they've never done that for previous agent releases so that's why people are leaning more to the non binary theory
great map  
but boring and worst meta

it's like game of "do you/they have cypher" and "do you/they have a counter like raze"  
it's impossible to clear trap a lone in b site  
but with raze cypher trap is like a joke  
sova can shock dart clear and drone check too  
but if team don't have them then it's like you can't clear trap or don't go b at all  
unlike other map that cypher trip spot is not bad as this
This meme will never get old
The only agent I'd count as extremely good to broken on release is kj. Infinite range abilities go brrrrrr.
You used valorant points
As astra you can actually beg riot to give 5th star back 
No joke
Best thing was prime classic which I will not be getting because I just bought the sen bundle a few weeks back  :(
to me, most likely a premier team practicing. in my experience, collegiate teams are usually immortal players. what were their ranks? tracker link to the game? need more info.
When the obvious smurfing Reyna proceeds to type “Reyna diff”
If you literally solo queued to asc 2 then you should not be worrying about this
Because there are cheaper ults that do a lot more a lot easier. You can’t really argue that thrash is leagues better than omen ult. Even if we specifically look at controllers, they all have much better ults.
It's infuriating, we shouldn't have to be the ones babysitting
you're preventing the enemy from killing you, thus giving them less money to work with (albeit it's only 200 creds but some abilities cost less than 200 creds), but more importantly you're denying them gaining an extra ult orb by killing you.
>Comparing HS percentage in gold lobbies to what TenZ is getting against other pros is ridiculous

He was gold LAST episode. I played against him in an Diamond-Ascendant lobby, which, considering it's the start of an episode, is mostly Ascendant-Immortal.

I just checked his tracker again and he just went on to win four more matches going 20+ kills, with one match having a 96% HS%. Against a team of ascendant/immortal players.
You don't have a reason to play the game if Riot just "give" you your rank. Instead you have to play enough games to climb with a 50% winrate getting 10 more RR from a win than you lose from a loss. 

Basically it's a mechanism to make you play the game more.. as that's what Riot wants you to do. More hours in the game.
Gotta be a special type of player to chat while a teammate is trying to clutch a 1v4.
wdym destroying it like that?
+1

Also controllers like viper and initiators like breach are great to stop the 5 person pushes only site

Stun, Molly or flash them and you’re atleast good for 1 if not 2 kills
You got 1K with the classic
That's fucking hilarious and I'm sad I'll never get to do this
> why I would play CS if valorant exists

As someone who plays both:

CS has significantly better movement and shooting mechanics. Movement feels sluggish in comparison in Valorant, shooting feels dumbed down (for the lack of a better term).

Also less variety in utility makes the game much more readable. As someone who doesn't play Valorant a lot it's somewhat difficult to keep track of which agent has which util available and how their util works exactly, with all the slight differences in flash or smoke abilities for example.

But main part is 100% shooting mechanics. CS is just so, so more rewarding, Valorant really doesn't come close. Unfortunately, cause it's clearly by design.
Thanks for telling me that. It's fixed now
We're  getting PVE in Valorant 2 I hear.
Man, I'm glad the sub is back up so we can have more of this content
as a mainly swift play enjoyer, this sucks
someone said to me when i was like 2-15,   
"I would say your aim is cancer but cancer kills people"  
i never recovered
Your first assumption that duelists are made to entry site is what's wrong here. In a world where Jett, Raze and Neon exist, neither Phoenix, nor Reyna, nor Iso, nor Yoru (with an asterisk, he technically can but it's a hassle) are better equipped for entering site than your random Breach or KJ or Astra.

Some duelists are designed to be the entry. Some aren't. Iso is a side-grade (downgrade? But that's balance-related and just my opinion) from Reyna. Very much a duelist, very much useless if what you're asking from them is to entry site. That's also why they will never be picked in Pro play, unless the team is running double duelist with Jett or Raze. Because an entry agent has always been deemed mandatory so far.
>Also I like her character design

Just say it, you think she's hot
See you next month bro
It can give a max of 100, not upwards of it. Since it doesn’t heal your actual health it all goes as overheal, to a max of 150 health - and the overheal can’t be more than 100.
It's a controller
I like the Well...shit. He should just say that as soon as he enters the ult when he catches a yoru clone.
She just threw it in there like 4 times and they rolled with it?
4 stacking isn't allowed to avoid the 4 man party ganging up and bullying the solo they get on their team
To be fair cypher had been in the same state for ages longer than deadlock. I think they're just too scared of omega buffing her
With 20 ammo count, 3 burst would make no sense. Not sure if the ammo count has ever been nerfed, but otherwise, 4 burst is the only thing that makes sense.
Since Omen's username is common I found OP's username but yeah same idea
good suggestion thank you
id win
Because the majority of people who trash talk are just frustrated and incredibly insecure and not able for a sustained argument, mostly relying on their game performance to do the heavy lifting. Out of the small minority that don't shut up, most basically fall apart and start having a childish tantrum and just care about 'having the last word' regardless of what they say in response. Once had a toxic Jett legitimately admit to not having any friends and 'not caring about it'... Which was as hilarious as it was sad given the context of his behavior.
The "limited counterplay" to, say, an op is that it's almost half the max possible money a player can have in a game. Having an agent that just negates the, rightfully, most expensive thing in the game feels bad
Come on. Use that brain of yours a bit. I'm sure you can think of some great uses
Or worse that new people tend to do. Is use your teammates as scouts, just shortly to follow after.
Doesn't he have every skin in the game?
31 year old unc checking in. been playing for 3 years and im now skibidi rizz with big aura. i can hold it down with my florida gyatt.
This actually got me thinking.

Maybe they wanted Iso players to be more aggressive when his shield is on?
For me, it's when someone keeps peeking aggressively even though they keep dying in the same spot. Like dude, have you heard of learning from your mistakes? Or maybe just let me hold that angle instead.
People have different opinions. More news at 10.
Gum👍
youre right, her VA Eva Feiler is British
Tech Support
I prefer it to the grim and dark exterior we get from a lot of other characters. Do we need another broody character like Omen and Viper?

Personally, I think it's perfect. He's a solo hitman. He's awkward when he has to work with associates. Once he's on his own and thinking about the mission, he's confident, straightforward, and his head is in the game. Socializing with the group, he goes off kilter.
You made an alt to play unrated? Just play unrated on your main...
damn this community really doesn’t understand sarcasm
Probably has to play smokes too
You just need to allow yourself to be new, you won't know every agents name, abilities, what they look like, map layouts, etc. You'll get the hang of it eventually, shouldn't take that long especially if you take the time to just look on some basic player guides or try to read what every agent does.
why my classic don do that :(
Also on attack you don't know how far away enemies are so vandal is fine for all ranges.

On defense you choose the distance if your angle so phantom will be better.
The ghost is actually high up on my favorites, usually the first round of a half where everyone only has a ghost is my best rounds of the game
Ima start doing that. If you want a skin so bad buy a damn skin
Just buy pistol.
Honestly yeah its in a bad position rn, stinger costs a lot less even after the price increase and its better at close and even far range, just worse with ammo and usually if you use your money right on rounds youd just get a rifle every other round
Guess kj dodged a bullet. 

Also 69 upvotes. Nice
One of my favorite things about silver/gold is the “fuck it we ball” plays that happen
This is what happens every time in comp when one of my teammates thinks they are so funny waiting as long as possible, then they get murdered just like this and lose us the round.
I refuse to believe this isn’t scripted
It’s not a waste especially considering you get sova dart back in 30 seconds without even earning it through kills.
Asc 3 and experienced the same a lot. Feels like I'm being prefired half the time, meanwhile when I see immortal clips it feels like the enemy takes a screenshot before shooting
Hard stuck imm 1 is more fair lul. He did manage to touch 50 rr
What kinda grinch ass comment lmao
It’s so funny how drift is based off of breeze.
I also have trouble differentiating teammate and enemy clove smokes too. The only way to know it's your teammate's smoke is if you hear "dropping smokes" or "no peeking". But I think they should give enemy clove smokes a little more red tint to show the difference, like Harbor, Omen, and Brimstone, which you can see subtle red/purple accents to show it's the enemy smokes.
Is that why it gets slower when you aim at an enemy? Because that throws me off big time
Lot's of creepy guys that won't stop hitting on the one woman in the lobby. I think the worst one was a guy that kept saying he'd send a d\*ck pic to her dm's if she got a kill. She didn't get a kill the rest of the game in an attempt to get him to stop. I guess she could have muted him, but yeah, clean it up, guys.
Except in Europe it's most commonly, much to my chagrin, called an AVP.

...always makes me think of Alien vs Predator.
I mean, a duelist’s job is to take space. Getting kills comes with that yes, but their job is to take space so their team can push onto site for a plant or retake, or hold space so their team can rotate in time for an effective hold.
Good job on finding it, but it should be fixed
Doesnt look boosted to me, you gotta have a miserable life to try tear someone down for no reason lmao
Silvers LOVE to five stack on attack and Sage deals with that really well. Combine that with relatively easy utility and generally very little pressure to take or win fights and she gets picked.

That is my hypothesis at least.
Im pretty sure the very edges of the sage walls are wallbangablr cause I got the collat thingy up top like a couple times shooting at the edge of a sage wall as they swing out. But it like the very edge.
Yeh its unfortunate, smurfs are common place and imo "making content" is a weak excuse and really doesnt justify anything.

Those that say 1 loss doesnt effect rank are missing the point. Its not about the rr, wins and losses are normal. Its about the crap experience, no one wants to get dominated in a match that was clearly unfair and honestly is boring
Paranoia
Cant believe this is even a debate, in Dota2 valve are outright banning smurfs. There was even a gift box for christmas that they advertised would give you free skins depending on behavior. Smurfs and griefers would expect they'd get something from the box and its just a lump of coal and a letter from valve telling them theyre banned until 2038 lol
the sound, THE SOUNDDDD the inspect and pullout! I love the tak tak tak zrrrrr nyoom sounds omfg 😭😭 it reminds me of the viper wall equip animation and I love both!
Yep. 

Had a Reyna who was top fragging and playing good while me and my friends were having a rough game so we went down 6-1 and the Reyna does this. Ends up full leaving down 8-2 and we end up coming back all the way to 8-8 and then lose because it’s a 4v5 and they just started full flooding one site on ascent.
Shots be looking better than mine and im plat
I’ve literally been the only person to say no before and won people in valorant are down to surrender when you’re down like 3 rounds it’s ridiculous
Yeah, I most-likely caught her mid-rotate. This boomer is 31.
Pov you ask for directions in london
I would argue an outlaw is used more on a map like breeze
The biggest issue is that you're not ready for fights when peeking angles, even though your crosshair placement is decent. Pause before you peek. Pausing gives you time to prepare for a fight and visualize a potential enemy, and also prevents higher skilled players from prefiring you off audio.
Yes, the whole black market stuff are references to Counter-Strike. 
The pattern in the video is called Fade, and the other rare pattern you can get is called Doppler in CS
I love sunset, I mostly dread breeze still. I don’t think they’ll ever get me to like that map.
Controllers are in a bad state.

Only wall controller that's acceptable is Viper, and with the nerfs recently, she's hard to use. Brim is practically only good for Bind in the current map picks. Astra and Harbour don't exist. 

For initiators, skye is bad and difficult to gain value from now. Why would anyone in ranked use Skye over Gekko? Kayo is bad but slipping under the radar. 

https://www.vstats.gg/agents?rank=Diamond%2B&roles=1b47567f-8f7b-444b-aae3-b0c634622d10
I love how you hard dodge your teamate's bird. You'd had enough of being blind for the day
Instant ults are more combat focused and designed to be used quickly so enemies should also know right when they're used. Fade, brim, kj etc have ults balanced around when they are actually placed since they have built in travel/cast time to give enemies time to react. Voice lines are meant to tell players when the ult is used so they're balanced the same way.
>these people aren't exceptions

That's exactly what they are. Just because there are a few people who play well despite their settings doesn't change reality.
Nice ace your probably well on your way to silver!!
Not gonna lie it makes holding corners pretty annoying cause he goes first and his teammates swing right after. So you either waste util or give up a ton of space
Go fullscreen not borderless
I will forever wonder why the fuck did they thought that 4 was a good key to defuse
Thank you so much!!
good agent. i take iso over reyna any day, he is way more fun to fight with and against.
Hang in there. It gets better.
Good iron advice
Reyna: Lurks and/or toxic

Sentinel main: scared to fight (was guilty of this for ages) 

Yoru: cracked or gets smacked every round

Sova/Viper/Brim/Gekko: line up larry

Omen: giga chad

Kayo/Gekko: twerking

Jett/Phoenix: super chill & entries or screaming satan child
It's a pretty rare Easter egg from (I assume) CSGO knives.
What low risk high reward with jett + reyna?  
Reyna needs a KILL to use her abilities. She is quite literally a glass cannon.

Now with the time on Jett dash you ofc can just take a risky peek and try to get a pick on offense. But if you use dash for that you cant entry for you team. Even if you get the pick it doesnt benefit you if you dont get on site.
Breeze, at the beach
Getting a dozen trip kills feels so good, so cypher
Have one a DEEEEEEZ
Yeah, this is a glitch or something. Even the Viper's silhouette from the ult showed her at an area where she could not have gotten to the second ping without being seen by OP. There isn't enough time between pings for Viper to have ran that distance that fast
And they don’t care. Prices of cosmetics in games are extensively researched and set at these price points because it works. Whether you buy a skin or not makes no difference. They’re not pulling these prices out of their ass.
Yea, I asked this exact thing a while ago. The answer I got from Ryan Cousart was "Not all initiators will have recon, some may excel in breaking angles".
Bruh not once did your teammates switch to spectate you, I woulda been like “tf going on over there”
Get good.

Honestly, you’re probably peeking bad, aiming bad, pre-aiming bad etc.

Dm is vastly different than actually playing the game. You might just be ”overperforming” because youre trying too hard in a mode Where people just run around like Monkeys to get a Nice warmup going before queuing. 

I haven’t consistently dm’d since like 2016 and i have no problem hardcarrying most of my asc/immo lobbies.
you get like icebox,breeze, and lotus all the time and they removed haven. like half of the maps are bad
Then you get shot from the back because you failed to realize it was a flopped crossfire
I feel like I've heard that before. 
Wasn't this harbors codename
If you do, only play Jett and you’ll be top frag every game
If everything goes according to plan it'll be on console next patch (two weeks from now). Sorry for the inconvenience in the interim; the bug that can trigger on the current surrender UI is pretty severe, so we've had to be careful about re-enabling the feature.
Most of the girls just text or vc with their party members
(That's what my female duo told me) they rarely team vc, only if needed or the mates are not toxic
you can aim your way to immortal 2. most players will get stuck there though or maybe graze immortal 3 200rr.

honestly players don’t begin to understand the game and play how it’s meant to be played until about 300rr immortal 3, so your take isnt wrong
+aim -brain
Bro can afford every gun upgrade 💀
Anyone who complains Reyna isn’t healthy for the game or contributes nothing to the team I think just doesn’t actually know how to think strategically.
As a gold 3 hardstuck, all of them work. I main sentinels and sometimes sova/omen and you really dont need to have that much gamesense like in pro play or smth, just look for timings, use util everytime and you will reach gold eventually. Also you can abuse outlaw/op since low elo players doesnt peek with util and can give you free firstbloods tho
It's still like that. We were 9-3 in on defense using just rifles. We lost the game once they started Odin spam
Yes, that's what I meant. I see now that my comment was a bit ambiguous.

I like the idea of playing Sova, but whenever I go look up lineups it's such fucking bullshit. It's like "line-up this part of the HUD with this pixel and move two pixels to the left" how the fuck I'm supposed to remember that?
This is ridiculously immature of them.
Go Frankfurt Server much more international.
It just puts you back to the health you were at before you went in but in the ult you get full health
They really do have to do something, lol. There are always "map pool bad" posts but this is the most I've seen ever.
To clarify, the combat tracker *absolutely* can and often does bug out, but, yeah, this isn't a case of that.
To be very blunt, your friends are dumb af. I get decent ping on both and have played on both servers for a long time and there's legitimately no discernible difference in difficulty. At lower elos, I'd say Singapore is a little less toxic but higher elos it's practically the same.
A lot of people will lie and say they are a high rank smurfing when they are having a good game just to get in the enemies heads, just saying
Most players can't identify the opponents economy. Usually getting better is focused around what you could've done to outplay your opponents. Assessing economy and even Ultimate Status is something people don't do until the higher end of the skill ceiling. 

I play with Silvers and Golds which make up the majority of players, and these players don't know how to manage their own economy in the first few rounds of the game. There's no way they're checking the opponents.
Hey y'all, if you have a duo who disconnected and said "oh bro, i'll be back" and they vote for a remake, just remake please. Queue when your friend can actually fucking play.

-Respectfully solo q'ers
tl;dr punish overcommitting and bad positioning

valorant’s mechanics are designed to make you focus more on macro and util due to the lower skill ceiling when compared to a game like CS. in cs you can master sprays and ferrari peek people because the game is focused on perfecting your mechanics whereas valorant limits this to emphasise optimizing strategic play  and abilities instead

tagging is a part of this and basically just punishes bad peeks and positioning which incentivises more utility usage to take better fights e.g flashes or an escape ability to make swinging less risky

like you said it would “allow sick 180s and allow you to get back in cover quicker” which, while fun and probably a lot less frustrating basically rewards crutching on aim to compensate for bad macro
- Never walk peek.
- Peek at 90° degree angle movement.
- Never press W or S when peeking (ideally).
- Who tells you to peek as far as possible from the corner? That is just giving enemy as much time as possible to line up their shot. "Ferrari peeks" or wide swings aren't for everything. Most of the time, you peek moderate distance. Sometimes you close peek so that you can immediately go back to cover after 1-3 shots.
- Counterstrafe MAY help with shot timing. People say it doesn't really help in a real world, but I find it super reliable for timing your shot *if you are used to it.* Iirc someone did test again, and there is around ~10-20ms difference w/wo counterstrafing.
Bottom fragging is fine, doesn't mean you necessarily had a bad game.   


But if you're bottom fragging absolutely every game, then there's something wrong more than likely.
5. Immortal 2.
"I don't know how!!" - Proceeds to run and miss every single marshal shot LOL.
Viper energy except she’s in the patch notes every fucking time.
mute and report them  include what they said. mute text, voice and ping as soon as they crossed the line
I've actually seen a player do everything he could to make us lose, giving up spike and all, picking it up and going afk... He said he was trying to derank that account. Not sure if he did it for smurfing later on, but he was pretty disappointed when we got the 13 in the end.
Cs skins are gun skins are literally just the same guns with different paint and stickers shits lame lol
Gameplay apart i love their lines, way of speaking and dnd references ahah, each game i discover a new interactions between them and other agents
I don't think that's what he meant.
Wow.
I feel like the white parts throw off the entire galaxy theme for me
Higher rank got dropped down after rank reset. I got thrown to silver 2 from plat 3.
Kd doesn’t matter at all in deathmatch, but that being said, your preaim when going around corners is pretty bad. You obviously are trying so I think it’s just a matter of getting used to it though. Also diagonal peaking is sometimes getting you killed. If you just want a positive kd in deathmatch remembering the spawns makes it super easy.
someone doesn't work well under pressure...
Is holding angles stronger on console because of focus mode? I noticed you had to stand still on the last kill a bit uncomfortably long to use focus mode.
its decent. I've seen similar orbs used thrown from ct. Its a one way for people peaking under rafters and completely blocks top site. Can also be used for post plant lineups if people plant there.
pov: my enemies in ranked
Not only is this the case, but the system actually detects the individuals skill level, and lumps them in with people equal to it. So you’ll get for example a Platinum player, playing with Ascendant players, because their individual MMR is at Ascendant level. This makes it WAYYY harder for the platinum player to rank up. 

And even though they gain more and lose less,  the insane amount of time it would take *just* to get to Ascendant is astounding. It would take a *ridiculous* amount of hours, just to get into a rank that the system *literally* believes is what you deserve. It’s almost as if you’re punished for doing good
am i just tripping or it looked like they were tracing enemies through walls? or am i just a peasant Gold i dunno
what did i watch
The ones that aren’t looking are the ones that are hardest to hit lol
The chances of a ascendant 1 playing for 2 years going pro is as close as it gets to 0 without actually being 0
They can’t afford full shields, utility, and an outlaw on round 2. One area of those is inherently weaker than it would be with a marshal spectre or guardian. Not only that but if you bait out shots you have a much higher chance of converting a kill.
I think the gun model is just replacing the knife model. This happens on a somewhat regular basis with some knives. Sorry.
iso is NOT busted it’s a skill issue. Ofc he gon have the advantage in a 1v1 so don’t play to his strengths lmao he’s useless outside of some very specific situations 
> good ones cost like 70 

lmao bro i use a $9 MTG playmat
Yeah, the value in eco rounds is to grab orbs and die. So 2 points closer having ult. Not winning rounds, since it rarely ever happens to lose anti-eco. Maybe get some exit frags along the way.

Yet my people(asc) play eco rounds with the same mentality like a full buy, flaming when you haven’t rotated yet because of the orb
bro went ultra instinct for a second
other than a younger playerbase, big difference imo is that you’re so tied to your team in this game. teamwork is way more important even in low ranks because the util is so straightforward. i don’t give up unless it’s clear my team has, but i reckon a lot of people are quicker to give up because if your team isn’t working together it’s really hard to make up for it individually. people tilt when they feel like they can’t do anything.

in cs you can fly through matchmaking if you’re just better than other players. i was the second highest mm rank (grand scheme i know that’s not very high considering faceit+ESEA) and i knew like, 4 smokes, total. i just knew how to use util for myself, pop flash, and i was generally just mechanically better, so i could change the game even if my teammates weren’t working together. you have so much opportunity for individual impact in cs because everyone has access to the same basic util.
Without even firing a single bullet, impressive
Thank you. Wonderful!
guess now we know why his raze is total ass. i was thinking there's no way a radiant duelist main would suck this bad playing their main role (dive duelist).
I neglected to defuse in overtime because I got confused and thought we had planted, even though my teammates were yelling at me to defuse. 

My friends and I have an ongoing dumb joke where we yell "defuse, defuse!" at the last person alive on an attack round to try to make them panick, so even though I was solo queue that day, when I heard the comms it just made me even more convinced the round was over.

I literally just stood there inspecting a gun I had picked up while we lost the game.
In a game where a fight usually ends in a 1 tap and fights lasting 1-2 seconds, iso having a free shield is way too OP, riot were just lazy and instead of buffing his other abilities, made focus too OP.
Yeah i don't know why I did it lol
but like cypher gots 2 trips with no range.kj got alarma bot + turret with range

chamber got 1 trip (womp womp)

I think 2 trips with range is better
i can’t believe they didn’t make an outlaw skin for it, these bundles are planned ahead of time, they knew it would release with the outlaw. missed opportunity
The downside is that you lose any kind of advantage around corners
thank you for your service
Omen teleport (ultimate)
I know a discord server for that, basically just 5 stack and surrender, but it would still take some time to derank from d2
I think 'iso buy' or something because they forgot to rebuy armor maybe?
I'm gonna be honest, I enjoy random plays like this then just pros peeking and one tapping. They look cool for a while then its not so exciting anymore. Plays like this, you don't know whats gonna happen next. I love the chaos!
Saying he was radiant when he wasn’t. But I mean he was still a radiant coach in the sense that he coached others to radiant.
Happened to me too, every round I could see the enemy sage and this was in competitive. 

Still lost.....
Saadhaka is a person who follows a saadhana.

Saadhana refers to setting up your life and actions in a way that will help you achieve a particular goal.

In a way saadhaka translates to someone seeking their goals
Seems like an interesting option, pretty much guaranteed kill when it shoots it seems. To me just by the stats (haven't seen it in play yet) it looks very good since unless the accuracy sucks on the 2 shots, you pretty much should kill anyone u aim at.

A little bit more expensive than bulldog but seems well worth with how meh the bulldog(imo) it feels since it's a "must headshot" gun that is close enough in price to the guardian that it's just a better choice.

The game already has an extremely low TTK, pretty surprising to me to go for even lower to combat people surviving a little. Marshal is also overtuned imo too and should really be on the chopping block for nerfs.
Just full  W and take as much as duels as possible to either warm up or learn to be more confident in duels in your comp games. Just don’t be one of those guys that just crouch and camp in some corner cuz ultimately you won’t learn anything.
Gaia's Vandal. The reason? **T R E E**
At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul. You are Jett you have no flash. That is why it’s stupid.
A good smoke will literally win games, find one you enjoy playing and just one trick it lol. Just absorb as much content around that agent as you can so you know you’re actually doing it right
Immortal since EP 2 ACT 2 and reached radiant EP 3 ACT 3, but one of my friend reached immortal the same time as me but reached radiant on EP 5 ACT 3
those are like the maps you ABSOLUTELY need smokes on since theyre so big. for lotus, at least on a, is also a must
Without enough context this just sounds like skill issue
[removed]
probably 2 smurfs carrying their friends
Or similarly I think it would be neat if the orb would be visible through smokes occasionally I kill someone pushing a smoke and then I can't get the orb bc it's hidden by the smoke.
Don't get mad at them for not comming. Yap as much as you can and play. Thats all you can do. People that don't want to comm just wont do it. If you comm a lot you will encourage people that might feel shy. I share every bit of info I can. I try to call out utility too, tho I still forget to call out my flashes when playing kayo.
Agent could be a potato. If the kit is fun, and balanced, then i don’t care
Dude you get flirted on out here if you play female agents. I be running Jett and they're like "Jett sax with me I will give 10000 rupees/hour". Oh and sometimes you get hated on for using Clove. By your own team. Even if you're literally they MVP.

  
Sometimes people are very chill though.
Preferably, vipers with lineups should tell their teammates where to plant to avoid getting killed.
Yes always, when you want to say that she is low but then you realize that it is Reyna.
I play fade and my logic is.

Pistol - i save it until i need info. Generally teams are quite fast on pistol and you will get the info you need from noise

Most rounds after that i will throw it early. I have lineups for different spots and even multiple for the same area to make them harder ro break. I try to change up my position to keep the recons useful.

I generally will have it back in time for retake and a good scan can give me the info to make an early defense play, eg pushing up behind them or fast rotating.

Sometimes i will specifically wait a bit especially in later rounds or when the enemy are playing to avoid my scans. But i will usually use some util or jump spot for info if we need it.

If the enemy has a great entry ult like kj, breach, fade etc i might save my first dart to throw as they enter or when we retake.

The key thing is that a scan that hits nothing still gives info. Unless someone specifically hides from it. But even then its still unlikely to be many towards your site if you hit literally nothing. And your team around the map will also be getting info via contact, jump spotting or util. So overall it helps tell you where the enemy are. 

If you scan A, see nothing and a teanmate sees 1 B thats a good amount of info early in the round. You will play that round  different to if you scan A and see 3
Look up woohoojin gunfight hygiene. Anything the banana produces will be explained way better than we could.
Who cares about rank. It’s just a tool to match you against similar skilled players. Just play and have fun.
An Australian player: “Y’all got dead bodies?”
Good stuff. 

I played valorant when it first came out but ultimately never got too invested. 

A lot of games are dull right now, even league so I think I’m gonna try to play valorant again. Been lurking this sub for a week. I definitely enjoy Phoenix’s kit. 

Think I’m gonna try to learn Phoenix, Killjoy, and Sage and just stick with those.
 He means a voiceline or indicator that there is an enemy hit by his stun
Gekko is a pretty easy agent to get value out of and has pretty simple util usage. I wouldn’t recommend harbor over omen or brim for a beginner, you need a decent team to get value out of harbor.
niche meets niche
He needs a loose streak to get demotivated from the game
B main wallbang spam should not exist.
I like how you acted as if he wasn't contributing to the conversation while not contributing anything to it at all yourself. No self awareness?
so the initiator
It's in the battlepass, you get these rewards by getting XP by playing
Also lack of a workshop like cs has contributes to this
Kayo thrives with a good team and, if you’re new to initiators, thinking like an initiator. He’s got a higher than average skill floor. Generally speaking, he’s just a hard agent to succeed with. 

Don’t let that discourage you. Be the best kayo plat has ever seen. Make those cyphers fear you.
Nope, as someone who plays neon like once every month I’ve been prone to trying to get bomb while it’s in the open by sliding over it and realizing that I only wasted an ability
Thank fuck Breeze is gone. Genuinely never bring it back.
Not sure why there isn't a confirm button when queue pops like league has.
Hes gonna be a really econ efficient agent but i was hoping for his tp circle to be a tadd bigger but i know thats not gonna happen
This shits cool as hell. I was wondering what was the idea behind this player card.
Precisely! I was also freaking out unfortunately i recorded with game bar so it didn't get my audio
"don't make noise"

*Proceeds to shift walk across the map to get to the planted spike*
Nope. Valorant's headquarters are in some desolate island, so if he used gatecrash in Japan to get there, he would likely drown. And he wouldn't even need to use Gatecrash since Valorant agents practically live at HQ for long stretches of time.
Bro is so bad he gotta go smurf in iron 3 to drop thirty lmfaoo. He like gold at best. Thats just sad from him
A whip you can buy instead of melee which has a bit longer range like 2-3 meters and shocks/stuns enemies.
Nobody at immortal is purely aiming and that's all. Yeah they may strategically make poor decisions, but there's such minute instinct involved in winning duels that just gets ingrained in you as you play.
Making AI that's stupid good is pretty easy. Making an AI that's just stupid, like in the range, is also decently easy. Making an AI that somewhat emulates the way humans are stupid is very hard tho
G3, it’s not just the hz.
Team executing site: "Sova wtf are you doing in spawn. Help us"
It’s like a rite of passage for the internet. Some people get scammed out of RuneScape gold, some people fall for TikTok’s with 0 likes and comments asking for log in info
Demon 1/11 against aspas
It's generally better to buy round 2 after winning pistol, but sometimes it can make sense, like:

* If I'm going to lurk/play seperately from the rest of the team to get map control, it's better to have a Ghost/Sheriff, since if I die, the enemy doesn't get a good gun
* If I see a teammate buying Vandal/Phantom round 2, I buy Ghost and ~~bait the fuck out of him~~ buddy up so I can recicle his rifle
you can actually sort by best matches for your ACS in tracker and it seems ur best ACS in ranked is 464 but you do have a best ACS of 683 in unrated back in episode 5 which is still pretty impressive tbh. I've never seen one that high for a full match
I dunno. They have the line "You know, I could just outlive them. Haha, nah, bullets are quicker" which kinda implies they can't die naturally I feel like
That yoru is definitely listening to music with max volume
I'm sure it was intentional /s
I can unload an entire Odin pack on a smoked choke and get 40 damage.
Bruh
imagine one yoru goes into the pocket dimension and meets another yoru there and they hang for a bit and then one yoru goes "Sorry bro, my team left me in a 1v5, gotta go" and then just leaves. Or if one yoru enters the pocket dimension and meets a lot of other yorus that have like a group meeting about new tech they found LMAO
 join cs where it’s just racism 😜
I really want a map from a city area.. Maybe like a mall with a few floors with a supermarket as one site, and some exterior emergency stairways as alternate patjs
I mean your trigonometry knowledge is probably failing you because it's irrelevant.


There's a reason people always say to aim Raze ult at the floor rather than at a person, one's a much harder target.
honestly— yes. Lots of people I’ve met on valorant are super toxic and I’ve been playing for a long time. The best thing to do is just ignore or mute if they aren’t providing anything helpful. however, there are a lot of people who also make valorant a great experience :) it all depends (honestly I’ve encountered way less toxic players now than a year + ago ). Val is for fun and I’m sorry the cypher said that to you 🙁 and just a question— was it a comp game or unrated? cuz I think comp games put a lot of pressure on people (still not an excuse)

TDLR: yes but there are also nice people too
Aight
never gets better but ascendant/immortal players generally care more about the game and communicate more. that being said a lot of people throw
That banana helped climb from bronze to gold 3. Now I am just 5rr away from reaching plat 1
When dirt gets hot, it dries out and evaporates. 
And soon enough you'll be worse than a 66 year old mom!
Came here to say this. Ive had plenty of games that start out with good vibes and as the game gets closer/we start losing, people start getting toxic and become quiet
I started playing Skye they nerfed Skye I learnt Viper they nerfed Viper now I started playing Raze and well😭
I find the evolution of skin beggars even worse...

They annoy you because they want to GIVE you their skin. 

What kind of buyers remorse is that please?!
genji deflected it obviously
They will never give us a replay system because :

- it would be far easier to spot smurfs and (for an obscure reason) they want to keep the smurfing situation like it currently is.

-it would be far easier to spot "light" cheaters like trigger bots and point out the flaws of vanguard while it being so intrusive in your system.
Handsome 1
i can see a jett float time nerf coming soon after this maps release lmao. will probably have a 5-6 second float time after this becomes popular
Thanks for the science
Palworld but in Valo
Mine would have hit the Skye for that.
What you're missing is that it is to encourage team play and for Sage to fit her role as a support, not a solo carry.
[deleted]
Perfectly said. 

A lot of people here will yell at you saying "smurfs arent the reason you're hardstuck silver lololol"  and like - yeah we know. But smurfs are the reason I don't enjoy the game as much as I do. It's incredibly unfun to have a smurf on either side. I'm not learning anything - I'm either being carried or getting instant one tapped by someone who doesn't have to play with their team because their aim is leagues above ours
I wonder if this move to try and play Raze to immortal is a genuine attempt to reach immortal or just a convenient excuse? Maybe both? lol
they always say that and then after a few weeks they realise "oh, this shit is actually quite good". it was like this for gekko, harbor, even chamber on the first week, there were a lot of pro players and streamers saying he wasnt meta he was weak and blablabla and we all know how it turned out.
You shoot point blank at their head and after you die it says 7 - legs
It might be a hot take but I believe if someone is dumb enough to fall for this they probably deserve it and it's something to learn from. It is nice of you to look out for others though.

I've fallen for it as well on my Steam account and I've learnt from it. Luckily, Steam support gave me my account back the same day which is awesome.
Wall and slow orb are great. Most PUGS don't know how to default correctly so it has high potential to stop two waves of attacks per round. 

And yes. I do ASK my jett to drop  me if she has knives and we need the gun to have a full buy. I do ASK my initiators and and duelist to flash us out. The fact that it's not standard is appalling for the gaming community as a whole, not just sage. I'm not big on the mind reading thing personally. I use my mic and try to play a team game instead of a glorified DM. Weird, I know.
They have access to all skins and buddies in matches
It's like Spotify wrapped. I think you have to enable mail notifications on your riot profile. They will send you an email with tons of stats and facts about your 2023 valorant games
Harbour is situational because unlike every other controller, he has to reveal where he is to smoke. Everyone else gets the benefit of their position being covered unless they choose to reveal it.

I don’t think Harbour’s util should slow him. If his teammates gained the invulnerability to the slow, I could see Harbour util being used as a very busted method of swinging and running away before being traded. Can’t depend on spraying through the smoke everytime.

I also think his ult could also afford to be a bit faster. Once you dodge the initial concuss, you can stay still for a second to take the fight you want before repeating. 

Lastly, I think Harbour suffers from Breach syndrome where you need to pour a lot of util to get the effect that other members of your class can achieve much easier. The trade off is that in coordinated play, Harbour and Breach are likely more preferable than Brim and Fade, for example. 

I don’t think he’ll ever be the best controller in the game unless they overtune him, and that’s okay. It leaves room for the real Harbour enthusiasts like us to get crafty.
Great util usage, I wouldntve hit a clip like this because I hoard util :/
My strategy is to callout buys early in the game so everyone gets used to dropping for each other.

I'll either drop myself at first or say "Hey X can you drop for Y?". The habit just goes along the whole match.

If someone doesn't drop, I'll do my best with a classic strategy (i.e get closer to the enemy, but not trolling) and if I die I'll just say "Sorry, I tried to go for something closer range because I only had a classic".

I never have a problem with people dropping guns in my games, I'm not even kidding. I almost never get trolls or people who don't follow calls tbh, but I start every game saying something stupid like "good morning how are you guys today".
Raze. I'm a viper/astra main but I have so much fun when I play Raze even though I don't know wtf I'm doing with her.
 bro was still killing people 😭
Wait, is this actually real? I need to see someone does this
Since im shit with marshall, i dont use outlaw either.
It slows your sens and gives you some zoom, optionally makes you walk. It does not  change your fire rate, though it does make the classic left click instead of right click.
Nah it's amazing its not just above average. What's this sub's obsession with trying to make ranks sound like they're shit?

Ascendants are only 4% of the population and immortal + radiant is 1-2% max above that. So they're literally top 5-6% of the entire population.
Some people are aim demons in their rank but still ain't ranking up as they play for kills instead of securing rounds. I myself was like this and would at times drop 37 and still lose as I went only for the kills.
IMO you should always let ur teammate ace they might be the final straw for the enemy team to start throwing
U can be cracked have good aim and not have enough game sense. There is this creator on CS, man predicts how people are going to move. It’s like he’s wall hacking, while he’s actually not. I think he said he’s played 22,000 hours of CS. So people in lower ranks don’t have that in them, and they laps lack on timing and speed as well.
Light shield on second round is what it directly counters and barely anyone buys on 2nd round because of it.

Mid rounds you are less likely to buy it because you are rarely in a situation where you can't full buy but the enemy team is broke (less than 3k). Every now and then I run into it but not often.

Also if people actually notice the light shield buyers they could potentially punish hard.
i do it sometimes.

it boils down to people harassing me.

if i get harassed to my breaking point, i will buy odin, mute everyone, and run it down

it's pety, yes i know. its the only justice I can get when people are insanely nasty to me

most of the time, i just mute them and keep playing but we arent perfect humans after all
Never quit. Are you just in it for the climb? Game is meant to be fun. I have well over a thousand hours in. I never play ranked. Its about the fun. 

Keep trying.
You forgot the ever-asked “how come the skins aren’t all available in the store at once?”

Answer - Riot makes money on FOMO, and doesn’t care if f they lose a small amount of customers with their current plan if they can make far more on FOMO.

This could be a pinned post I think.

Is there a FAQ section on the sub for general questions? I only see a ranked section for FAQ.
If they are coming back, I'd guess in about 5 hours from now. Keep an eye out on their Twitter, though!
Shocking 
Probably best approach about it, when you need money though and look back at hundreds/ thousands spent on games then it hits hard lol

Otherwise yeah, better than pissing and shitting out $200 on a Friday night out with the friends/ girlfriend weekly, sustained enjoyment till you quit and return 

My godkid loves my veteran skins too now that I've semi quit and he can't afford them
Rank resets are and have always been tools to increase player engagement. Rank resets make sense in high ranks. Rank resets don't make sense for 95% of the rest of the casual player base. Resets should be for Ascendant and above, maybe diamond. 
Reynas annoying because she brings nothing to the team and is the most picked agent in the game.
lmao
The heal actually gives you a huge amount of health, upwards of a 100, but it's all temporary, meaning you have to do something with it before the duration runs out.
I hate people that vote surrender as soon as the score hits 1-4 with a passion

Like bro, what are tho even playing this game for?

Worse is that they will proceed to throw the game if the vote doesnt come through
I feel like its bad anti flank but good post plant and site hold. Enemies want to rush onto site so if one of them is dumb it can screw over their entire team.
Holy damn, I've never been a really active Viper player since I prefer to play Omen but the changes feel massive
That Reyna was giving the "the chosen one" timing moment to live… and then still died, quite unfortunate. Very funny (and insane) timing tho!
Best thing in to find 1-2 people that you have good chemistry with, communicate well and want to rank up together. 
Gankster is a good place to find them, usually I opt for people with 10+ good reviews, to make sure they are solid users, but also had good experiences with new people. Boosted and smurfs always get the bad review so they never can play with someone else again XD
I told myself I would be f2p then I saw the reaver and it spiraled from there lol
So how should they include a NB character then if this is the incorrect way? I think just having it be a simple fact in the background, like KJ/Raze, is the right way to go.

You’re right that players mostly care about the agent in terms of utility, but that’s also because most players never feel like they aren’t represented in media so they don’t understand why it would matter. As a queer woman, it does make a difference to feel seen even in a silly video game. I really don’t understand how having a NB character would be worse for the queer community.
A fellow scaper and valorant player ✌️
I was solo queuing and there was a trio (I guess). They ganged up on this one guy and I told them to stop with my mic on (big mistake). They abused me throughout the game instead of him.. said they will come to my house and r*** me and unalive my whole family blahblah and were pretty abusive throughout the game. I muted them at some point but they started typing it. I didn’t play for 4 months after that and now if I play I almost never solo queue. And if I do, I mute as soon as I hear even one abuse. 


They abused me in Hindi (I play on indian servers), and Indian abuses are HORRIBLE and focused on women. I’m pretty sure Indian men have to be categorically the worst kind of men out there where they’re literally SCREAMING abuses on their mic as if they’re eminem. With no shame, they make threats of SA and k*lling, so yeah. The worst person I’ve met on valorant? There’s not 1, but pretty sure all of the Mumbai servers are like this 👍
Riot wants you to learn the maps. You don't deserve your rank if you're actively dodging every map you struggle with.
No one walks away! 

Given Kayo's lore and the deep ass voice with which he says it, it just hits differently whenever you pop it.
Either a cheater or genuinely followed your movements perfectly and was able to stay out of vision. Maybe there was a wall he dropped down from?
Unless you’re playing jett/chamber and saving for awp then you should always buy.
I just want his ult to do something tbh
Valorant content is childish, I don't play cs anymore but still watch d0cc's videos because his videos are actually enjoyable to watch compared to all the clickbait and uninteresting bullshit content from valo
There's a few reasons players do this, for some it's because of comfortability, they come from CS where a stretched res is pretty common. For others it's because of increased FPS, due to a lower res. But it's important to keep in mind stretched res in Valorant does not stretch the actual gameplay, only the UI, Its hard coded to work that way by riot.
he ulted, you shot him and he was down but still alive for the duration of his ult. he can be revived if there is a teammate who revives him, but in this case he was the last one standing. once his ult ends, he dies, and you get the kill banner from shooting him down earlier.
Riot’s out here working the 80-20 rule 😭
5 duelists comp is THE meta... On defense just stack a site and play retake, "attacking" the attacked site lmao
You don't NEED a healer to win, you'll get one-tapped anyway even with heals.
If you expect the enemy to swing then hold wider, if they are being sneaky and walk peek, then you hold tight. They have the gamesense to know which the enemy will do I guess
Lol how old are these people
Still such a shitty system overall. Spending the whole first act of the new episode barely touching my former rank? Wasted time!
Google your name and your gamertag and see what comes up. He probably did the same.
Happened to me today. I understand they play for fun but I play to win too so going 4v5 is not ideal even with the extra credits
It was actually a good speech
Just saw a guy fall to his knees in a Montana’s BBQ & Bar
I’ve seen a lot of people struggle to use their healing mechanical in a fluid way, and it doesn’t seem like it gives a gratuitous amount, and the ult takes just a bit of timing to really use effectively. They seem like a really solid and fun smoker, good versatility filling an interesting niche I think
With that Sova dart and Fade eye, the whole team can rock an Oden and it will just be spray city.
I usually select Hard Bots, miss the "Start" button twice and say that today might not be a Valorant day.
That's funny, as a Gekko main I have to ask the team 8/10 times to give me the spike. People often forget that Gekko has the ability. I've had the spike given to me when I wasn't able to buy wingman, but I wouldn't be mad about it.
Ah there’s the comment I knew would be here
I came from cs too and I have to say even back in cs he had worse gamesense than the average

I also watched couples of faceit lvl10 streams and there were mostly just ego peeks everywhere. Sure I still learned some good tips and timings, but I still see some dumbess plays there
wow very nice, the tether looks super good and the makeup and the hair are pretty accurate. Nice job !
Only the very center pixel of the flash counts and you couldn't see that pixel.
i really dont care but to play devils advocate i think its a contradiction to hate on other people messing around in those modes just because youre trying to win. 

vice versa of course. for example when someone goes “sweating in swift? or op in swift?” i always tell them “crying in swift?” i have every right to play well, or play as bad as i want.

consideration goes both ways.

if you want to play serious, you can. and you shoud respect others for playing however they want to.
You mean the generator jump on A? Also missing those jumps on Icebox can happen to anyone, just recently in VCT Masters final, Karon from GenG missed the rope to belt jump, so if it can happen at such a high level, I wouldn't expect anyone below to be perfectly consistent
It’s intended to make you check your corners more carefully and learn how to prefire common angles. Even with doing all this correctly you could get peeked from 3 different angles and end up still dying, but the idea is for you to understand threat angles on each map better
If you’ve heard the Glaswegian accent you’ll know cloves isn’t even close to exaggerated. I’ve not been Scotland much but it sounds fine to me.
Breeze and ice box are probably reyna's best site cuz the nearsight is like an actual flash cuz its all long range
This feels like a silver lobby
No one tried to even shot the blind
throwers' paradise
if seeing negative rr ruins your mental, this game aint for you
Time to kill. Thats it. It takes to long to go from walking to shooting and u cant really move while shooting. While with a vandal u can strafe and shoot and u become accurate almost immediately even if u where walking when u started to shoot. Its also harder to controll because the recoile kicks in immediately. With a vandal the first 4-5 bullets are basicly flying straight.
There are definitely people who got more. The most you can get is 9 rounds x 5 kills each round = 45 and with Sage res, a couple more. There probably have been like hundreds of millions of Swiftplay games been played so I can confindently say that people have gotten 30s and 40s.
bro was so flabbergasted he just stood there seeing the beauty and died
It could be many reasons.

- Stress, because I killed 3 of their team.  
- The spike was obscured by the Wingman Orb, so they couldn't tell it's halved from where they are standing.  
- Stupidity like you said. Not knowing about how much time is left on the spike.  
- Low Rank? But even the lowest of ranks knows they have plenty of time based on the not-so-fast beeping of the spike.
The main audience is teenagers and them bitches be horny that plus, the worldwide decrease in people's social and dating lives makes this very approachable game perfect for such an outcome.
***"From someone who works nights and plays the graveyard shift"***

\- As someone who don't speak English as it's native language, i thought for a second that you worked and played VALORANT during your work shift in a graveyard lmao 💀
He didn’t do anything that bad tbh, he basically got “exposed” for being really shit at talking to women lol, you can probably find the screenshots if you search for them. It wasn’t that creepy, it was more cringe, it was a little creepy in some places but I don’t think it was malicious, again he’s just really bad at talking to women (like all valorant players).
There is absolutely no mid on bind. Showers, A main, hookah, Long.
I agree with this, I was worried you'd be able to hop fire the second shot. Also the long reload time still leaves scenarios where the guardian is better.
This is insane? More people should be talking about this… I really took his tutorials to heart, even though he seemed a bit cocky at times I thought it was because He was really good. I thought it was strange he hadn’t gone past Ascendant for two acts, really crazy!
Woohoojin is the obvious answer. He provides the most in depth reviews and really narrows down on issues you need to work on. 

Just recently there was another content creator, JustADad, who was posted here—he also does free vod reviews. I have not watched his reviews yet so I don’t have much input on how helpful they are. 

Jollz does paid sessions, but has a giveaway for a free vod review—however, you’re competing with thousands of other people.
I still don’t understand why unrated and swiftplay don’t have the full map pool
This so real bro yesterday i went 5/20 and i just got off and went to sleep☠️😭
Classic gamer ego.  If you’re better than me, you have no life, if you’re worse than me, you’re trash ggez
Should be feel so good for GenG fan when they win both in league and Valorant in same day
Have you checked to see if this happens for other people? Cause I have another repeating visual glitch when I use my glitchpop vandal, sometimes it'll show the little screen thing on my pistol, but this doesn't happen for other people.
Killing 1 will make it a 1v1 hence becoming a "harder situation" for you to win according to you.
Average sage main gameplay
the teams cooking up new comps/strats is definitely fun to watch as a viewer
go onto riot support, recover account, and put the details it asks like “what city was the account made in” etc and your friend can get it back even if all the info is changed
Iso buy?
just imagine hearing reyna’s ace laugh IRL
They are ear plugs which is a reference to iso instalocks muting their team
why did they remove it? any specific reason behind it?
The higher rank you go the lower ttk is and the better iso becomes. Iso is good in low elo but OP in immo/radiant. I don't even know how you can balance this ability. Shortening the duration sounds good but then you create an agent which is useless if he doesn't have shield but way too strong when he does have shield.
I usually just check the minimap since team smokes are marked
It's definitely those two. They're the only weapons good from short, mid, and long range.
Nah, I stopped watching him way back because I noticed his obnoxious personality in several of his videos. He’s trigger happy with mutes and bans for no reason, goes on obnoxious tirades like “the problem with the world is people don’t read” or something like that, and his discord is a cult full of muting, kicking, and banning for inane reasons.
I absolutely agree- Lotus was one of my favourite maps and now i get it so often i honestly hate it so much to the point where I think its affecting my performance, because i havent had a fun lotus game in months at this point.
another reason to nerf chamber 💀
Imagine a game mode where you fight a Neon using only her ult and healing from every kill like Reyna/Clove. 

Or maybe try to fight a Cypher/KJ with double the gadgets on defense. I know it's a joke but honestly I think Valorant could use a joke gamemode
astra was wild on release lmao. her, kj, and chamber were head and shoulders above the rest when they released. fade was pretty good too.  
the rest ranged from on par to below average (hi yoru and harbor) on release.
That happened in one of my games too. Idk why they move around so much instead of standing still...
Honestly the buffs are absurd in the literal sense. I play DL too. Her util is overtuned because she's of so little use conceptually that unless they make her grossly overpowered she'll be invisible. No util in the game has any business being so damn big lol. Gravnet is an ocean since last act, and now the great wall of China. Whenever riot starts tweaking the size of your util you know your agent didnt have a seat at the adults table. They did it to Cypher trips in the past. His problem was that KJ was a better version of himself (and now the roles seem to be reversed). They did it to Gekko's molly as well, which is more in line with DL in terms of core issue: They're gimmicky, not sure how you go about addressing that.

Don't get me wrong, I love it. Thinking it's a flawed design doesn't mean I don't enjoy it lol.
Deadlock so fucking bad - literally will need a full rework to even have a chance at being a viable agent
Its wild to me to instalock duelist but then be the most timid and fearful players on the team lol
 it was swift play!
what? I topfrag in my plat 1 games sometimes so i think i should be ready for vct
I love that cypher is just in the drawing to die just like the cinematics lol
Randomly calling someone a chamar or Dalit even if they belong to the general category
Was the current battle pass a bit of an anomaly in how good the skins were or is the new one just below average? I only started playing with the console release.
Bro tryna be different. just play whoever you want
DONT BUY GUNS AFTER LOSING PISTOLS usually
"luckily im plat" as if plat lobbies aren't just gold extended. i still have the shittiest comps in plat and it honestly just feels like gold but blue.
chamber op is gonna almost always be first point of contact so it should rarely be negated by shield
Please, add surrender on console
Drop glaceon that dude is garbage 😂😂
Definitely a bug
I had a Phoenix on Icebox that I'm CONVINCED was a learning algorithm. The way he was moving that whole game was just not human.

Worst part?

He outperformed my duo at the end T–T
Low elo is hell because 50% of the playerbase is crammed into only 3-4 ranks so the skill gap between players nominally of the same rank is massive. In bronze you can have someone who can’t hit a stationary wall in the same lobby with some who’s jump peeking every angle, prefiring, and counter strafing. It’s miserable. And they’re not all smurfs. Riot just won’t properly distribute players.
It must be fixed one day. Maybe tomorrow. It seems that many players notice this problem...
I dont blame them , in gold and below entering means dying first just to spectate your team in main shooting through smokes just to decide to rotate and eventually lose the round
Just one more match and ill get it, trust me
A remake should be ***automatic.*** There shouldn't be a vote to begin with.
Practice.

Shooting too early without actually aiming on your enemy is a mistake.

Not being able to shoot because you’re not fast enough is something that you can work on.

By taking time, making sure you’ll hit something you’ll get faster at it. And fast and faster. Though shooting too early, there’s no room for improvement there.
"it is what it is"
Has anyone done the sound profile comparisons yet? I have a cloud orbit s and with hrtf and the built in surround it was very good. But, I couldn't hear the difference between above or below I just had to rely on my game sense to know where I am. I'm wondering if I could hear the difference now.
Lol there's people up in 400RR immortal that don't know how to play controller, this is nothing new
They're just polite in front of you

They're ruthless behind doors

That's why touriss love going to Japan and why the Japanese have been hating it
Yeah it’s tough. I wouldn’t say I get many if any throwers in my games, but there are people who are clearly having an off game. The Smurf problem is crazy tho. It feels like every other game there’s a smurf duo’d with someone in the lobby.
I mean: get yourself 4 Immo to smurf in Iron-Gold and you got yourself a Plat/Dia lobby facing a 5 stack immo

100% win
I wanted the Kuronami vandal for so long that I would set an alarm for 5.45am every morning to check my store (thats when the store refreshes according to my timezone). I just bought it a few days ago. 

Not a vandal but I've been waiting for the RGX Blade for ages. I just love that sword.
Gekko/skye/kayo can be used on all maps for the most part but they need another initiator with them usually.
That's great that you didn't but if people are bidding up to fucking 2k USD for coaching they deserve to know that they are not getting radiant coaching
There was a bug for Astra where you could buy stars and refund them but it would give you extra money
Brother, with that much packet loss you should've been disconnected lmao. Just be glad that didn't happen in the buy round.
For me personally, my crosshair changing/moving just feels distracting, and I think it's easier to aim with a static crosshair. I do use the shooting error graph though, so I can check it as needed. 

However, I could see the value in the crosshair moving as a learning tool when you're first learning how to strafe-burst and deadzone. Once you have it down, though, I don't think it would be necessary. 

I have tried a wacky crosshair or two before though, so whatever works.
Placebo ☺️
I don't understand all the comments hating on Sunset. I like Sunset. Mid control = easy wins, no?
skull emoticon
This could be perceived two totally different ways.
How is split back and not fracture.
Unfortunately, valorant only focuses on making money and less on actually taking action on such individuals. 

Recently had a game where a sova was shooting shock darts and ults at our own teammates intentionally. Reported every time he did that, with a detailed description, and no notice to say action was taken against him. 

As long as they’re still making money they don’t give a shit.
While some of your points make sense, you've actually missed the point of Reyna as an agent completely.
Reyna is the ultimate fighting machine. In many of your examples, you've not acknowledged that Reyna's kit is specifically designed to flourish in those scenarios. And yeah, you conclude everywhere that the takeaway lesson is better aim. But that is exactly the crop of players for whom Reyna is designed- the aim demons. Because this agent incentivises you to throw yourself into fights, given that if you can kill, you can possibly rampage.
And if a Reyna on your team is doing that- his her understanding of the game is really of no relevance as long as they're dropping bodies as they go.

There is no design flaw in Reyna, she is the ultimate solo pick for someone who wishes to do the shooting part of a first person shooter.
That's funny, people over here used to hate it
They might just have a bad audio mix, or play with music on, but I kinda feel spectating audio may be a thing. I don't think I've ever payed any attention to it, but maybe spectators don't get ambience noise?

Like, one of my teammates will be watching window and I'll spectate them and be like "Yo they made noise back site, I think they pushed from McDonalds" on Breeze, and he would do a 180 and kill them. Always get the same reaction of "YOO what kind of headphones do you have? I didn't hear a thing! Dude must have audio maxed out!" (I have like $20 headphones or something, idk had them for a long time and they aren't *that* good, and my audio in the in game mixing is all somewhere below half, with my PC and Headphone audio set to max).
Cypher just looks badass with the hat
After Kuronami got out, compared to that this looks like a battlepass skin lul. I'm exaggerating but you know what I mean
I assume the Raze ult directly hit your legs. The rocket itself probably delt damage similar to how a Skye dog would deal small impact damage or how Cypher trips would hit damage you. Assuming that, the direct impact deal at least 1 damage to break the shield and the explosion hit you immediately after. Just a guess.
That’s the appeal.
Who tf shit talks a scrub? I’ve only participated/shit talked with people who were also top fragging unless the bottom feeder said some shit or started tbagging
Unfortunately that would also be abused.

Extremely harsh penalties for such behavior and a system like Dota’s overwatch would be a good step.
It seems like you can move and shoot much more accurately at the same time on console. I'm just taking that from the couple videos I have seen so far.
I'm not stuck in here with you,

you're stuck in here with...

#NOBODY
galorants 💀 Cancer server constant drama with teabagging n stuff.
Why does Valorant not have this outside of china?
Lmao this happened to me once some French guy randomly took a liking to me and started giving me all the info I needed.  I felt like a ban was coming for me or sunn
If its a 4v3 sage ult is worth it 100%
we tested with sage walls that went out farther and a couple other things but jett would always barely just not make it if there wasnt a satchel
How will riot make money if people don't have multiple accounts to buy skins on?

FYI just because you don't doesn't mean other people don't.
Agents swap abilities, like Reyna could have fades ability, fade would have sages, etc
The way I see it, if someone has never reached ascendant then they don’t know what it’s like so don’t take their negative opinions. Given like ~90% of players are not ascendant, I think it’s a great achievement. 

When higher ranked players say it’s not a big achievement, it’s because they have achieved more. If you had a phd then you’d think undergrad college classes are cakewalk. But that doesn’t mean you can’t feel proud of it. Maybe even let that motivate you to get to the top.
hahahahahah
Same goes for me with Skye lmao
Thanks
life IS hard
now master bucky and watch as the whole enemy team tilts hard.
All: "Makes sense, I bottom in real life too." 
Works every time.
Pokemon trainer
I'm a guy and I play with a group of 3 girls, the random guys we get in our matches are so downbad its unreal
As a yoru main. Just send it between 8-15 secs depending on how much time you know you will need to get back on site and hold a position
Least thirsty neon fan artist.

Don’t think any of them know female runners have flatter chests from burning a bunch of calories.
"Brimstone is so unfun to play against, they cut my line of sights and push me out with their mollies" yeah mate it's their job
It's not run and gun or play slow. Its about the timing, low elo player in high lobby wont get a chance to be in this position without enemy realizing them.
impeccable timing, he hasn't even cocked the gun when you got gulag'd
Wrestling Revolution 3D the goat
That would actually be a very smart change. Or maybe (yeah it would suck for people who don't have skins and I doubt they would especially now since it's been a thing for so long) but if when you picked up a skin either from someone else or off the ground it is just your skin. If this was a thing in the beginning it would've made this no issue
I can only hope to get to this level of skill.
I think your a bit mistaken, its not that riot thinks the skins are worth 60$. Its people are willing to pay 60$. Every issue discussed will most likely fall on the consumer being the issue and just buying the skins. 90% of valorant players know the skins are overpriced yet we still buy. No reason to lower the price if people are buying the newly released skins at the same rate with the same price. I think later on in this games lifespan we will see prices get reduced. But currently they have no reason. Its why the shop exists and why you just cant buy any bundle or skin at any time. Its because if you have all the choice at the same time your less likely to bother making a choice because it will be there later. But if you introduce a FOMO system like a limited time shop people are more willing to buy because who knows how long before you get the skin you really want again. 

Thank you for coming to my economic talk guys. Im going to go back to playing osu! and being hardstuck ascendant 1 - 2 goodbye. Take everything said here with a grain of salt im not actually smart or know much just a general understanding.
She used the smoke after she died. That’s crazy
The one thing I always think is why does harbor útil affect teammates but viper útil doesn’t that seems like such an overlooked but simple problem
As the song say "Depending on the time of day, the french go either way"
They'll be gone soon enough. 


Most devs, including riot, tend to do bans of newer cheats on a delay or in waves so that cheat developers can't directly test what specifically does and doesn't get detected and banned.
Sova is just a golden retriever
I've read that this bug comes up if there are some network problems (not sure if on your or on opponents side). Unlucky that you revealed your position due to this.
Demon1/11 finished me off. 😂😂😭
I think she's gonna be picked up by pro and ranked for 2 weeks then dropped. I think the changes are honestly a nerf overall. 2 >> 1 stuns for the hardest duelist ability to make effective in the game for a slight duration buff, wall sounds worse overall, a better slide doesn't solve her problems dealing with stall and sentinel util (especially with her decreased wall duration and reduced coverage from one less stun). 

  
Her main issue is her exec is pretty bad as she has no way to circumvent util on her own and the buffs don't seem to solve that issue. I guess one tapping people with the slide will be pretty cool though but I think she'll just remain a niche pick.

I would be so happy to be proven wrong though, I've waited 2 whole years for changes to my girl and maybe she really will become a decent part of the meta finally but I've kinda stopped holding out hope.
Geeko
If I'm not wrong, I remember valorant implemented a system where the maps you have played were given less preference than the one you haven't, if abyss keeps getting dodged then it's probably a higher priority than  other maps for many people.
That’s why it’s not in comp yet, we are the play testers. They honestly couldn’t hire nearly enough play testers to account for the massive player bases creativity.
Thank god
This isn't a setting, I believe it was changed this patch.
I just feel almost every game has a guy that says nothing while big swinging and gets mad when nobody helped him.
Radiant initiator igl

Immortal duelist

Ascendant controller

Diamond sentinel

Platinium second initiator
If you're a god at recoil control apparently stinger is really goated at run and gunning
It’s so She can heal others :) and not be selfish and only save it for herself
Game would be better if she was deleted :)

Only downside is we don’t get PRX something on Reyna
11/10 Game Sense
Pretty sure it's just drip. Although if you want to jump into the theory pool it might be something from Jett since the two are close
he got nerfed many times to make him into a character who is a lot better at supporting his teammates than being self sufficient. all of his utility can negatively impact teammates if used incorrectly, so he required good coordination with teammates and precise utility usage at the same time. both of those factors make him relatively unpopular when there are easier picks that don't require you to work super hard to coordinate with randoms
Seems like we're getting a new map next act based on the playercards in this BP & the Clove voiceline tease which means at least one map from the current pool is leaving.   
  
Wouldn't be surprised if it ends up being Ascent but I hope it isn't. Hoping that they also work on some more "back to basics" maps rather than increasingly large & complex maps with gimmicks & increasing number of sightlines.
bulldogs and guardians are actually pretty goated guns ngl
Because riot succeeded in making overpriced cosmetics the norm for the valorant player base. Most games from overwatch to apex and Fortnite have some of the best skins in their entire lineup as battle pass skins while riot saw that the ruin dagger was too good and decided that it would impact their skin sales too much and never made another knife like it again for the battlepass
He’s not denying that, he’s just saying that not only is there not many opportunities to go pro anymore bc of franchising, but even the teams in T1 don’t get to play that often which both play into ppl not seeing the need to grind anymore
You’ve won 5v3s too, you’ll survive I promise
Shotguns don’t shoot bullets 🤓🤓
love and support all the way. i’m sorry that shit happens. it’s way more about them than about you. you deserve to be able to use your mic without the fear of dealing with this. they’re immature fuckin weirdos who are scared of you in real life. sorry the best advice i have is that you can win by muting them. all of their power is taken away in one click. report them. I would defend you if I was in the lobby. good luck.
Um. You're sorta playing it like cod. 

This looks like iron 1 level gameplay, so lowest level. But honestly IDK what you'd expect after just 3 hours
This. If I need to abruptly leave Battlebits Remastered, my team won't even notice and it really doesn't matter.
yeah its design is essentially the opposite of an overheal/heal. reyna's and skye's heal are useless against op shots and raze ults and headshots but strong against DoTs and chip damage, whereas iso is very strong against those one hit wonders but useless against DoTs and chip damage.
Sure it does. Phoenix can be visibly seen on-fire, or holding his fire which means it doesn’t hurt him. 

Those flames would have to at least be 750-1,000 degrees Celsius (only takes 60 degrees to kill bacteria). 

You ever use a self-cleaning oven before? The oven locks up, and heats up to about 425+ degrees Celsius which turns all the stains inside into black dust for easy clean-up. 
thank you bro never seen it before in my life
Mumbai server chats are insane,
They say the most offensive stuff than above mentioned and get away with it just by typing in hindi…
pelase be an iron lobby please be an iron lobby.

and not because of your aim BUT YOU LITERALLY SHOOTING AT THEM AND GETTING NO REACTION
Venice is in Italy lol.
Overwatch 2's battle pass is infinitely better than Riot's battlepasses (sans LoR, rest in peace). It takes 30-40 hours to complete which is 1/2 or 1/3 the time of LoL or Val, you get a small amount of premium currency for doing weeklies albeit not enough to buy the next one, and although it's filled with a lot of bloated garbage like souvenirs, sprays, and voice lines that no one cares about, the skins are pretty decent most of the time and you get a mythic skin which is the pinnacle customization item in that game. Like, imagine if the level 50 Valorant reward for a pass was one of the guns from Kuranami or any other guns in the highest price tier, it's unthinkable.

My girlfriend plays OW and even though I don't love the game anymore, it's decent enough that I play it with her maybe once or twice a week. I have completed every pass without even really seeking to play the game. Even though I love Valorant, the passes burn me out so I only play once every two or three seasons because it's like a 3-5 game a day commitment to finish the pass which just isn't worth it most of the time. 

And unlike other live services, Valorant has nothing to grind for outside of battle passes other than your rank or the subpar agent contract guns or the kingdom point stuff from previous passes which you usually skipped because you didn't like them anyways. Sure playing the game can be a fun reward on its own, but man it could use some challenge system like League has or something because when you don't buy a battle pass for the season it really feels like there's no extrinsic goal to work for.
draw jett and chamber in the backseat looool
You should run with the knife when you know where enemies are, or better, when you know where definitely no enemies should be. Always shift-walk/run with gun, you may rotate too slowly, for example.
They buffed the "airstrafe until they run out of ammo then murder" play style, which, while funny, might end up a bit too frustrating to play against in a tac shooter. Only time will tell if the player base will adapt
Former plat, got put in silver lobbies, go up against a hard carry Reyna who goes 35 and 8. Rest of their team is barely competent
This. Low elo sentinels dont have the confidence to lurk, and usually there is only one game plan: rush the site with the team, put one utility on the back and use the rest to defend the spike.
Man, I don't know... I'm playing as a 32 yr old guy, no family, no kids and chilling in immo 3 since beta. Sometimes dropped to immo 2 but that's it. I've hit radiant sometimes.

Life is great.
There’s several types of radiants:

“Children of the first Light”: Phoenix, Sage, Reyna, Jett, Skye, Fade, etc. Your “typical” radiants. (Sage refers to typical radiants like this)

“Synthetic Radiant”: Omen

“Guardians”: Astra, Harbor (Astra uses this terminology in the Lotus release video among a few other times, saying that their artifacts make them both “different”. This is because they both have some ancient origin pointing to a greater purpose). 

“Oddities”: Yoru, Gekko (it’s not entirely clear where it’s their power and not the mask/the power of friendship)
You're peering into the heart of video game addiction. These people are miserable because they're addicts. They have all those hours, alone, because they're addicted. It's a dark side of video games that no one's really having serious conversations about.
Roses are red

Violets are blue

There’s always an Asian kid

Better than you
Bruh my Bucky would get me 1 kill and the second guy would take 137 dmg to the face and live then headshot me.
I think that‘s something you experience everytime when you face low/lower rated players. Every elo has it’s certain playstyle and you are used to it. Everything outside of this comfort zone feels weird and you are not prepared for it. The higher Elo you are, the lesser prepared you are for stupid decisions :D
“Where did you get these numbers”

Redditor: “They came to me in a dream”
Hopefully the homeless are not present in there
makes the early round econ a little more like CS which I like tbh.

The outlaw's main strength will be on CT side. Makes getting spike planted important for round 2-3 at the very least so that shields can be bought the next round. Makes that money incentive more worth it to at least go for a plant
> then there are inconsistency heroes who'll drop 30 one game and 3 the next

Reporting for duty!
I was actually off by an order of magnitude. If [this](https://gameriv.com/valorant-rank-distribution/) website can be trusted, Immortal is the top 1% of the playerbase. 

I'm trying my best not to be rude here, but it is absolutely NOT "achievable for almost the entire playerbase" to reach Immortal.
Usually, all my cameras are broken too
If Reyna is your only agent with flash, the problem is elsewhere.
Keep playing dude. I finished asc3, got placed dia1 and I’ve been fighting ex immo/radiants who’ve been put in dia with me. All the games have been fun so far and I got back to asc1 within a few days
Cypher has a cool hat and his voice is *hawt*
Because it puts you up against other higher ranked players, Valorant tries to "balance" both teams
I think it's for vocal clarity. Agent callouts in a full on German accent would be way harder to hear than the native English speaking VA's delivery. Sure it loses authenticity, but it is what it is ig.
bro just buff hsi ult, he hsould get something after winning 1v1 like extra gold, full health back or at least come back alive if failed. The ult name is KILL CONTRACT so after completing it we should get somethung back no?
Am I tripping or does the spike beeping sound uneven
Because hes been building a fanbase off the image of being radiant which is disingenuous if he didnt hit it
Might as well remove Reyna from the game if you’re going to nerf the only thing viable about her
I think you need a break from the game, cuz its getting to u
Enemy kills me, i comm where the enemy is to my teammates. They continue to look at a different spot so I comm it again bc i don't want my teammate to die. Teammate finally looks at the right spot and gets the kill. Teammate says to me that i'm backseat gaming........ all i did was comm where the enemy was. FML.
what’s your riot id and password? i wanna help you confirm
They said they are doing a big overhaul for agents in 8.11 and have started with cypher and viper. I haven't seen anyone that likes the changes in 8.08 so you are not alone. 
Clove has the highest win rate right now and is pretty easy and has smokes which you should know how to use well.
No agent is safe from furture changes though imo
poor raze ult
That is what we call a nursery lobby. Sometimes when the game queues are empty at night/early morning, the game struggles to find high elo games. So what it does is it takes the high elo people and groups them with some pisslow and makes them vs 5 normal people. So essential 2 good players + 3 bad players vs 5 normal players. The mmr technically is balanced since its an average of the teams but its very unfun to play in as the high elo.
Neon has always been annoying to play against and play with. She’s the one agent who feels like she doesn’t belong in the game at all. 

The whole thing they said about Reyna being more of a team play agent was absolute nonsense if the leaked changes are anything to go by. She heals less but her heal doesn’t decay. She also moves faster in her dismiss and has an ult that lasts the whole round. Smurfs are gonna have an even easier time with her now.
I don't think it's particularly slept on since the marshal really is better or matches firepower in a lot of situations for 40% of the cost. 

That being said it's very useful in certain situations such as bonus on defense half (if you win pistol) and anytime you've died and notice the enemies need to half buy (3300-3800 credit range)

Personally though a lot of the times that I have outlaw I find myself preferring that I'd be holding a guardian instead for the money
Woohoojin and Dopai are great high elo coaches though Woohoojin especially will get onto you for filling. I would recommend trying recording and reviewing your VODS and try to get another high level player to do it either separately or with you. It’s much easier to see mistakes outside of the live game.
asking once is fine. not every round. and not when your only form of comms is asking for skins. id rather have no comms than have someone typing in chat for the sole purpose of getting a skin. 

it can get especially annoying for sentinel players when they have to set up on defense, and people just go in front of them, knifing, crouching, skin begging, when all you want to do is focus on your game.
And sometimes it changes in every match. I'll have a match where I get almost 50 kills and then the very next game get 9 kills to 20 deaths 😂
Fk it learn astra throw em in the deep end.
I feel like they are necessary to be fair. The pick me up is way too strong for the price. I always buy it because I practically always have the credits. The ultimate I’m not sure about, I’m not sure how I’ll like it
"I have shield"
Yea like if ur 2-17 and ur teammate who is 37-17 can’t buy a rifle that’s when I would say is the time to buy a teammate not on round one
Around 12k dollars
It's a bug, but what it really means is that there isn't any weekly missions left for the current act.
i was ONE tier away from unlocking gekko before they changed it and now all of a sudden it costs the same amount of KP to unlock gekko as it does to unlock deadlock?? makes no sense
Don't show this dude overwatch gameplay he will faint.
Because unsheathing ults like Raze, Deadlock, Chamber or Jett have immidiate effect on enemies
They are definitely close to useless. You can hear them well before you’re near them and slow walk right past them.
As a note to everyone, this does not mean his vod reviews are wrong. He provides solid analysis vod reviews that genuinely have helped people improve. 

He is still very much in the wrong for advertising that he was radiant and has never truly reached that it seems - and should acknowledge and explain this however.
Jett dash

Single handed oh makes her an S tier agent
I think in my opinion to compete with viper, his walls shouldn’t slow his own team and they should make the enemy slow much more.

I’m thinking like a 40% slow for 1 to 2 seconds if you walk through his wall. The problem is viper does everything harbour does except better.
That Madrid promo piece with all of the PRX squad dripped out was cool as fuck
To climb up to Immortal playing with iron accounts takes A LONG time.

It'll get to a point that your MMR will break so bad that you'll get like 5-8 points in a win and lose like 30 in a loss.
That's the kind of trip I'd put when an enemy raze or jett keeps entrying the same place and I've just about had enough.
He’s playing on the Pangaea server
Except there isn’t hookah inside of it, was removed a long time ago.
so why do you main her?
Name yourself Mr4k
gooners in VCT Shanghai Grand Finals before GTA 6
Agreed. But I've learned how to overcome this. You need to put yourself in a completely different headspace when playing Deathmatch. In comp when you die, it feels bad, and it should, it means you probably made a mistake. In deathmatch, you will die, frequently to things that aren't your doing, and that's okay. Being able to accept that and not let it have power over you makes it much easier. If you're struggling, look into meditation & ground techniques.
The game is easier to read. No recoil patterns and slower overall movement makes the game easier to learn. Instead of trying to memorize where my bullets will go with 50 different guns, I just click heads and strafe. Learning agents is easier than learning guns.   


Also, I like art-style more and the lore keeps making me come back even when I'm bored of the game itself.
I'm thankful I haven't met ya cuz I know my friends would say "fuck this fucker let's go full judge" just to get ya out of the game 💀💀💀
Yes it was, but still, i hit immortal every act after that. I went from 60hz to 144hz then now to 240hz
this clip needs a Roundabout edit lmao
One of the funniest things I found when climbing is in silver/gold a good chunk of the players seemed to know and wanted to use them every round, in ascendent/immortal almost nobody knows a single lineup
Shoutout to my fellow botfrag smokers

As long as you smoke good, most people are chill
I'd suggest having 200-300+ hours of playtime before you consider yourself hardstuck anything. And game sense isn't required for silver, or really any elo until maybe Asc. Just aim.
Paper rex with something dropping 150
Bro talking about a game where characters using dark magic, resurrection and shit. Yet he wonders why they wear high heels in combat. Smh.
It's me...  
-\_-

Hi...  
I'm the problem...it's me... 

(sidenoteIwilldieonthishill)
Florescent from Game Changers. She is trans, so getting hate from a few people who don't know that Game Changers is actually meant to be for people from not-so-represented genders, which also includes transgenders.
what happened here lol everyone is getting purged
This. OPs hs% increases overtime as well as the lobby's skill level, meaning the mechanics/aim level is increasing by quite a bit, which is awesome to see.
Turret would do better
As a Deadlock main, I can verify this is accurate. I have only had Deadlock stolen from me one time and we were both shocked someone else wanted to play her
I haven’t seen a lot but from what little I’ve seen his game sense is really quite bad compared to him explaining it to his students. 




Plus a big part of Valorant rank is purely mental from my experience. I’ve gained 800 RR in a couple of days before. No way he was gonna get far with that much pressure and his mental in tatters like that even if he doesn’t show it.
As obvious as you think it was, OP clearly didn’t
Counterpoint: if you're in a bronze/silver/gold lobby I literally turn on my pc and queue comp. Sometimes I'm mvp and sometimes im mostly responsible for losing rounds. I never warm up. Most people taking the climb seriously put more effort in. I'm busy with work and school and trying to have fun for a game or two. That being said if you're truly high elo you would not gain much from playing with idiots like me so the smurfing is usually for boosting their friends .
Is this a pasta? That should be a pasta, I'd just rephrase last sentence to 'look at your minimap everytime when you cannot shoot your gun' (so when knife out, reloading, util in hands, planting spike), it's free info which especially in low elo, noone is giving you otherwise.
It just looks like a bug. Glitchpop has a lot of those
The reason why there is a map pool is because they want a limited amount of maps in the rotation at once.
It never was? Someone would have be delusional to think cheating and hacking isn't going to happen.

[Here](https://youtu.be/RwzIq04vd0M?si=LirSs1ES4hXMEm7F) is a great video showing how people hack the game and the amount of work, time, and money goes into being stupid. It isn't as easy as punching in a few buttons to activate cheat mode or opening a command window. 

I've been playing since beta and have not run into a confirmed hacker, that doesn't mean it hasn't happened but down in the slums of bronze and silver, I don't think it's too prevalent. Hopefully whatever this ban wave is will at least make it much more difficult for people to keep doing it.
Looks like the crosshair sneezed
I think I read somewhere that rr is more based on team play rather than individual performance in diamond above lobbies
>Wonder what lineups controller mains will find.

None. It acts like a phoenix molly except it doesn't drop to the floor, it just explodes uselessly.
Yea no idk, the seekers can so easily fuck u over. U kinda gotta know it’s quirks, like them getting stuck on sage walls on a side tells u she’s behind there but it just can’t reach her until u shoot that part of the wall down. Weird and should b fixed, it can b rly confusing and just feels bad when u lose round bc of this randomly
be glad you don't get bored of them, I usually get bored of my skins and lose the performance boost they used to give me
lol, dude 28 fps is basically Pokemon Red on Game Boy Color. I think with better hardware you’ll be in Bronze to Silver. Usually, Iron is reserved for people who are brand new to FPS, or have horrible hardware. Sometimes it’s a combination of both.
Funny enough, I just recently had this Reyna realization as a preferred Reyna main. I started using the dismiss to get deeper into site safely and it’s been resulting in a lot more picks from the team pushing and trades. Definitely gonna keep on playing Reyna this way
are you being real rn?  Sage is a sentinel.  walls and slow orb are what she does, healing is just a fancy bonus.
We deal with the smurfs
Why doesn't he go the "coaches don't play" route? You can't build on a foundation of lies
I main viper too, but only for the first reason
true, but also completely irrelevant to the conversation. you post a question specifically sparking discussion prompting people’s opinions, and then when people offer there generalized opinions (which you asked for) you reply with snarky, irrelevant comments as if the commenters were coming after you. get help.
Fnatic manager here, please delete this.
No OP has played every act pretty much
WHOA DUDE I BET HE HAD NO IDEA THAT’S SO CRAZY
Only one change at a time. Rito is small indie company that needs to measure effects
either elo is so low that teammate doesnt understand or teammates is just high
Omen, but before the nerf was Skye
Would would the stats be? There isn’t much room to put something between the current two snipers already.
Post your tracker
All real cypher mains will spend 3 hours in a custom with music just throwing shit everywhere and seeing what sticks
can you elaborate on this "grass" you speak of? is it an item?
Read title
I see, interesting the lengths people go just to remove the gaming part of the actual game and have a machine play instead.
Default keybinds. Expect ½ for social. 

AND, scroll for jump aswell as space.
Because she provides very little to the team. She is worse than most (if not all) duelists at entrying, and the only util that provides anything to the team is her blind, which is pretty bad as far as blinds/flashes go
"watch this"
valarante child game.... look to cartoon grapfix to make kid player happy like children show.. valarante cartoon world with rainbow unlike counter strike with dark corridorr and raelistic gun.. valarante like playhouse. valarant playor run from csgo fear of dark world and realism so need child game to relax
honestly think that CS2 gunplay is alot more rewarding if you mastered the basics. whereas in valorant you get insta punished if you miss your initial burst shots which can be really frustrating..
Deadlock has to do circles with her mouse to reel in with her ult
This gon be expensive af
Skye was nerfed so that her flashes don’t recharge, making Gekko the only initiator with rechargeable flashes that also give info. Along with that, there are some really strong Gekko combos that make him more preferred than Skye in many scenarios.

Flash + Dizzy is super strong because the opponent is guaranteed to be flashes (they either have to turn the flash and be blinded by dizzy or that have to destroy dizzy which breaks cross hair placement and prevents them from turning the flash). 

Wingman is also decent for clearing areas to be picked up again for recluse/planting. I’d say it’s still the worst of the initiator “droning” abilities but the added benefit of wingman planting is especially good on maps like Icebox where you needed characters like Sage or Harbor for a safe plant. Before Wingman felt like a gimmick cuz the rest of Gekko’s kit was so meh but now that both Mosh and Dizzy are viable and Skye is fading out of the meta, Gekko as a whole doesn’t feel too gimmicky and is actually strong in the right scenario. Skye isn’t useless now either, her flashes and dog are still really good but no rechargeable flashes does hurt a lot for late round fights/reclearing.
Hard to forget when every single person who insta locks her complained non-stop
This just looks like a bug to me.
Pissy duelist who sabotaged after i took top frag, and he couldn't get it back.  All commed our positions and everything.
XxXBlaze_it420_69XxX
With a Sheriff and all with a single bullet. Amazing, looks really cool.
Just don't put yourself in situation where you have to 1v1 them
As others have said, more games played.

If you check stats for higher players, they have similar win rates to you.

But even 51% between someone who plays 120 games versus someone who plays 240 is massive.
Do they not have headsets on console? Man was just zooming through enemy spawn with 5 still alive and no cares in the world.
Probably the only competitive pc game i've played that cheating is extremely rare in. In 2000 hours + i've probably seen maybe 20 cheaters and most of that was over a year ago.
Glitch is randomly. Bug is 100% of the time
There’s so many downranked people stuck in my rating (D3) it’s crazy. You have like everything from peak D1s to like downranked immortals. It’s rough out there
Its probably just the mindset knowing unless you kill her, she getd instantly healed after ur 1v1 plus sshe has the firerate increased.
Damn there goes my “sorry guys I’m using a controller” joke
"I know Joe cheated on his gf but but he is such a homie to meee"
we’re there any tweaks to razes that she requested herself, personality or looks wise?
To add to this, there has to be a way the game can detect a single-input AFK’er. Far too often people will just put something on their W key (or use sticky/hotkeys) to avoid the afk detection. The prevents remakes, forfeits, and the boosted eco/ult orb you normally get with an afk.

Like it can’t be that hard to detect if a player has literally only pressed W for multiple rounds straight and just kick them. If you gotta do something for a few rounds just let the team know and go afk, that way we at least get more money when you’re gone. Walking into a wall in spawn is blatant intentional griefing.
Dear God I wish there's gonna be a valorant movie
Nothing like kicking off the year with a satisfying cheater ban! Can't deny that feeling, congrats man. Glad to hear Valorant devs are on top of taking care of these issues.
You can move and aim, but you can't move and shoot. You should be moving while you aim, and then stopping and shooting once you're on target. I assume that's what OP means.
1) Being the only map with open areas anywhere near its size means most of the agents kits are designed for or balanced around it. This severely limits which agents are reasonably viable on the map.

2) The gun economy is not balanced around maps this large. Ops main weaknesses are often minimized by how long angle you can take and attackers on eco/half buy are basically screwed because the marshal like all snipers is terrible for taking space and its nearly impossible to force fights within the 30m that sheriff needs for one shot headshots.

3) The big open areas mean pretty much every choke and doorway exposes you to 10 times the possible angles of every other map.
This is so sad, imagine firing up unrated with friends because competitive is toxic and then there is a sweating Ascendant who just makes it unplayable with his 2 pocket sage and skye.
Worst part with the SEN or esport usernames is they always end up bottom-fragging and they proceed to say they used to be this peak back in season 1 of Val but ended up in silver cause match making sucks. Yeah I'm sure it's the match-making fault, not you going 2/15 but you know I was never at your peak so what would I know, right?
Reyna is just aim, shoot, dismiss. After watching 100 radiant Reyna vods you’ll still just be like “okay yup guess I just gotta aim good and tap q”
I think I heard it's because cn had to wait so long to play in the first place. So I don't think we are getting it. Which is sad but I get it  they had a long wait and ig they deserve it for their troubles.
Basically, seen countless times on this sub people saying Imm 3 is low elo.
Same reason muh mcdonalds or pho costs over double what it used to
Be sure to always Report with examples and time or round stamps
Reyna is only good in low elo, her kit is basically 100% selfish.
Theyre better in different situations but who cares what some random kid is telling you when theyre wrong?
I’ve played 13 games this season so far. 5 of them have been on breeze. I’m getting real fucking tired of this shit map
NOOOO MOM SAID ITS MY TURN TO POST THIS TODAY
I peaked asc1 last episode and got placed gold3 in the newer episode
i see her on every map

it's me

i'm the sage
What if they just put kovaaks/aimlabs drills in the range so I don't have to go outside of the game to train my mechs? 

(Plus aim training with my weapon skins would be cool)
In my opinion, you are overthinking it, and you may have a maturity complex. Gibe them credit for their humour, enjoy their presence, and laugh as much as you can. There is nothing wrong with it.
Did you try to trap Yoru clone into Iso ult by making so many noises?
Yes but that could further the confusion of OP. Who seems to not be entirely understanding how the game works.
I don't even have a legendary tier item on mine and that should be illegal.
That’s correct. In immortal+ you get more points if you win 13-3 with mediocre stats than 13-11 being with 40kills. Also every fresh immortal is getting low gains and losing more. In order to get immo3+ you have to play a lot of games and have positive win rate. Flat 50% winrate will keep you stuck in low immortal.
I'm so confused why they decided to make remake like this... In League you can remake even when two of you agree, but in Valorant it's a joke
I'm in that elo and can confirm. There's always at least one bot in the lobby - me playing Kayo
Ngl I'm terrified Clove will get the Fade treatment and just look like ass in-game, nowhere close to the concept arts lol.
5,000… me and my friend were killing our AFK teammates in a custom lol.
No, try going next to teammates in the beginning of a round and see if you hear them switch.

The answer is no.
I'm not surprised. This skin pack has some of the most insane vfx and sfx. As long as people buy them Riot has no incentive to drop the price.

But also, free game has expensive cosmetics. Carry on.
People in val have the mental of a 6 year old.
The map pool has been dead for a while now. They brought back icebox but took away one of their best maps instead. I'm sick of these map rotations.
Did your teammate comm CT lol
the people on singapore server as racist asf to Indians, every match it’s the same scene
The best lobby I had was the one Breach player that carried me and helped me because he saw I struggle. Never had a better encounter. I ended up calling him uncle lmao.
What is more likely: the main account you’ve had for years with hundreds of games has been consistently unlucky the whole time, resulting in you ranking lower than you should OR

the new account you made with less than 50 games got a lucky streak on a few of them, resulting in you ranking higher than you should?
yep. its exactly those that call the skin ‘gay’ that are the problem with toxicity in games. loving the way those people out themselves with this bundle
some people unfortunately just spend too much time in practice instead of play.

in my personal opinion. grid shot is WORTHLESS for aiming in valorant. i will catch hate for saying this.

valorant is about precise aim adjustments. consistent calm accurate aim ajustments. not flicking as hard as you can from bubble to bubble.

just because tenz is good at it, doesn't make it translate to valorant.
I was confused about this too, I queued for it because it said it was swiftplay, and then had to play a whole unrated game
Not really a chat but one time on Haven, I was playing Omen on defense at garage and ofc there's an omen on the enemy team as well. Round starts and both of us throw a blind at each other and tp into each other's side while awkwardly looking at each other during the tp animation. It was a fun exchange.
The issue isn't learning from mistakes. The issue is not even knowing wtf the utils do. Sure the OP could read but come on that's way too hard in this economy. 

The 400 iron will know kj swarms hurt. If kayo throws a blue pill at you it's a flash. Shoot the dog cause it stuns and hurts you etc etc.
i think we should be able to break the barrier if we want to by pressing the barrier button and holding it down. this would allow opps barriers to not be so detrimental

i also think that vuln on the cocoon isnt needed. they already have to pull out their gun. they are still a free kill regardless if they would be vuln or not.
Pretty gay, ngl
man, ive seen a lot worse in my own match history, but this is pretty bad
Even if you don't want to improve and just enjoy playing I'd say keep playing :)
Hi Guys, My dad disowned me for getting the new bundle.

I was playing valorant as usual, while dad was walking across my room he noticed the teddy bear reloading the ghost , he commented "wtf is this gay shit", i mistakenly admitted liking and buying the new  bundle, he said "  is that what you spent my money on, get out of my house you f'ing  furry". I am still  trying to get back to the house but i still can't convince my dad that i am not a furry. I will update you later.

  
Update: He still doesn't believe me but he decided to give me a chance, i am now back home and we agreed i won't shave my beard for the next 3 months as part of my rehabilitation.
bro got 120 bullets, he's going to use 120 bullets
In unrated the matchmaking puts you with way higher levels or ranks than your current one, but in competitive it tries not to do that and put you where it thinks you belong
Most hilarious shit ever
>Dont call ammo or purchaseable abilities

ammo is very important to call, especially if you just say " 3 bullets " and shut up

purchaseable abilities are up to the elo i believe, in diamond reminding your skye they have flash etc is good thing imo.
You should try Lurking every round regardless of what happens or what your role is. Also, saving is soft.
“They asked for no pickles!”
Unplug the router...
This is actually impressive lmao. I would’ve died, can never remember to switch in high stress situations
Guardian

Know it can be frowned upon in this subreddit but I sometimes do better with that than I do a Vandal.  Think it being semiautomatic encourages you to think about placement more and doesn’t bring so much recoil (unless you spam it).
Exactly. There is iron, where players don't really know anything about fps or the game and are just playing to play, and then there is iron that watched high level content, tries to get better, and has deeper understanding. Likely, their mmr is higher, so they end up playing games tailored to their skill, which would make sense that they are still iron.
Viper is a must pick in breeze and icebox. Otherwise viper is insanely good when paired with a secondary controller. Even after nerf after nerf Viper remains a top controller pick because their smokes are the best in the game despite their downsides.
I got violated in my placements 😭 was diamond 2, got placed gold 2.

The first few games after my placements I was getting the weirdest lobbies I’ve ever seen. Peak gold and peak asc in the same games.

It hits different when the duo queue raze and breach peak asc are just doing whatever they want to you.

Lobbies balanced out a few games in tho, and my climb back to diamond has been smooth. I gain 25-30rr on wins and lose half of that in losses.
I do worse in dm since I just hold w in dm. In ranked I play like a rat
It IS gay CSGO.     But I still play it.
I usually do this with my duo, one plays anti flash in case of a phoenix or reyna. Its so fun to just kill them all in the first 20 seconds of the round.
5 bothers me the most. Because him Not showing and having his drones bring up this super secret alt. Is any more sus and annoying then him just showing
Jett always needed to kill twice to recharge, hasn't been changed. 

Reyna has two charges so she can use dismiss/heal twice without ult. 

Also, 
> And she can't use it if she's dead.

That's just... Every ability in the game? Not sure how this is an argument. 

The argument that Reyna doesn't have abilities if she doesn't get kills is also really flawed. Her leer is extremely good if combo'd with another flasher. PRX demonstrated that really well with Skye + Reyna. 

Anyway I agree that it's really hard to change these two agents without completely gutting them. Imo they are at a good spot right now. I'm just pointing out and correcting some of your argument points
I feel like yoinking an enemy off the map is an underrated part of Iso’s ult. Often on site exec’s my Iso would ult one of their players, guaranteeing at least a 4v2, making the situation much more winnable. Even if the Iso loses, the defender’s body can get camped. I also have seen good use in a 1v1 postplant, where even if the Iso loses, the defense doesn’t have enough time to defuse, still winning the round.
you’ve got options:

1) mute them

2) be apologetic so that they feel bad (as they should)

3) remind them that you’re in the same elo (my fav)
Tiredness. If I didn't do anything the entire day, I'll top frag or be close. If I'm really tired my reaction speed is 500ms.
i’ve never heard of any of these
Every other sentinel has recharging utility, because sometimes your flash/knife/recon dart will just miss or not get any value.  If you play any other character you can just wait 20-30s or use another charge.

If you’re skye, you can stick your thumb up your ass and cry about it if you want, because that flash is like -100 credits and you’re not getting it back that round.
Us controller mains have been eating crumbs these past year when it comes to abilities that help kill or assist with killing. Now, we eating good because of the self-heal, self-revive, and even the post-mortem smokes.

Some people are saying that the abilities are not enough to help with kills but as controller mains, THIS is the best out of everything we had.

The amount of times i had to set up stars 3 seconds in advance just to stun an enemy, throw a viper molly in a smart way just to get the extra vulnerable, use an omen blind behind a wall then walk a mile just to capitalize on the blind enemy, or even make some tricky smokes in advance just so my Brimmy with a stimmy can kill someone easily; Clove's abilities is a godsend.
If this man doesn't deserve a riot gunbuddy, nobody deserves one!
Woohoojin, he is free
Left Alt because my thumb in on spacebar and it’s easy to shift over
Yes i can definitely agree with the heavy SOL vandal. The pullout just makes it feel so heavy, i feel like I'm walking slower when i use this gun. I think its because of the way the 4 stones at the front drop down onto the barrel with a lot of wright
Dudes obviously lying and giving his fanboys something to latch on to
Buying fucking iso.
Okay, explain to me how the fuck did you kill that jett
Yes it is placebo, but placebo works.
Sage is a sentinel, not a duelist. Changing the heal back close to original will just bring back battle sage. They could also be selfish or toxic and not heal teammates. Reviving someone in a 5v5 game can influence the match alot so it has to have high risk high reward. Sage is in a fine spot right now(maybe make her heal like clove heal if heal herself)
Also a controller main, I find the current controllers pretty unfun except for maybe omen. OG astra was fun but she’s not as viable now. I’m really looking forward to a new controller that hopefully is more fun to play
Have to be really careful when buffing astra. I was an astra main in imo for a long time until the nerfs started hitting hard. I see a lot of people asking to return stars and revert the cool down nerfs and that’s simply not an option. She was way too strong in the hands of someone who took the time to master it. She was played in almost every pro game and made the rest of the controllers feel pretty much pointless by comparison with the exception of viper. I won’t even get started on how annoying it was to play against both. I know it’s upsetting for a lot of people to see astra in the state she’s in compared to her former glory. She simply can’t go back to that it’s what’s best for the game. I still play her from time to time and honestly I usually do really well. I genuinely think if you put the time in you can still get a lot of value from her in competitive.
It honestly sucks that this Post has to be done :/ 
I do think that what you listed are good Tips and i hope that in the future you dont experience toxicity because of your voice again. Good luck on your journey!!
Happy days ahead
If I got a nickel for every time I watch someone name every VAL map in a graduation speech, I’d have 2 nickel.
Which isn’t much but it’s weird that it happened twice.
Ares is the master among all the guns
OP just isn’t gonna rate anyone huh 

Sovereign Vandal Oni Phantom Prime Classic and Reaver Karambit
But they were both right there, and so painfully unaware of what was happening.
These all seem like placeholder ability names. Smonk makes me think this is all placeholder so real names can’t be datamined
Then die a silly little death because your silly little mates rotated as soon as you entered site.
TAKE BREEZE AWAY YOU COWARDS
youd be surprised how strong sage wall is against people who never break it
I just cant see a reason for it not to be automatic. If your duo dcs just go next. No reason to hold 8 people hostage for at least  5 rounds and thats assuming everyone votes to surrender
If you really want to play the game, you gotta install it on SSD.

When I first started to play Valorant (last year around this time), I installed it on my HDD, because I only have a 256GB SSD and I wanted to save the space for apps I'd use for college work. But that was a horrible decision because everytime, I'd enter late into Agent Select and the queue would be dodged because my laptop couldn't load fast.

I later deleted stuff from my SSD, made space and reinstalled Valorant there. Now, my game loads on par with all my other friends who play on gaming laptops.
ur chess elo doesn’t get reset every 8 weeks 

the chess board doesn’t get progressively less fun to play on
Technically speaking, Viper is not good as a solo controller on some maps, Haven being one of them. However, you can win a game with 5 duelists, so just play whatever you want.
Who needs a replay system when we can have revised art instead??
See you in a week
If millions of people have been playing for a week or two with iso and no one had found it until now, it’s kinda telling that they wouldn’t have been able to find it in a small player test.
Its too expensive for a budget buy and not good enough for a full buy when compared to phantom and vandal.
She's probably the most difficult agent to play in the entire game. She requires precise communication and game sense to play to her fullest potential, and ranked soloQ makes this hard
Imagine old Chamber against Iso, Iso ulted? Just decide to be on the other site!
Yes, it does, and it is only going to get worse.

I played against multiple people who were aimbotting for weeks straight, playing \~50-100 games before getting banned.

One guy had an average HS rate of 26% over the last 10 acts, and was Diamond for the majority of them, then all of a sudden he's Immortal with a 61% HS rate, and was frequently dropping 30-40 kill games with 70-80% HS rates.

And another guy who I guess just got bored and decided to just go full on 11/10 rage mode going 40/5 with a 98% HS rate.

If Vanguard is struggling and taking that long to ban people blatantly cheating, it begs the question of how many people are also cheating, but hiding it.
This is how it starts. You're gonna be hooked 4 life now.
Jett needs sage's abilities so she can finally revive Omen. But yes, the Reyna only players would get furious and I love it
nah they’d see a finisher and go “SKIN???????”
except it’s way more shit lol
RIP
you remember the bucky meta?
Imagine going to war and tossing your dog and goldfish at someone 💀
And then the Gekko twerks 😭
That's okay. It will take time. Just have fun and if you don't feel like playing you can always choose to play something else.
Dayum yes, the sentinels feel like I'm using a 3 ton piece of rock. The sound and the effect OMG


Prime is just pew pew pew, and the headshot is soo satisfying. Like crushing a skull

Edit : spelling
-00.00? Damm this Game hates You fr
I just give the required comms when needed
Maybe but I feel as it’s a good balance now. Phantom better spray and close ranger vandal better tapping and long range.
When you make noise it shows up as a ring around you on the mini map, that is the blast radius of the spike. Get the spike out of your ring on the mini map and you’re in the safe zone.
Fucking baby, can't even walk properly.

Last time I took 'is pacifier, he started cryin'. What a prick
And it seems like the flash is hitting the side of the little step and bouncing on the ground, cause' otherwise it should be bouncing top and not instantly popped like that
How is he ruining other peoples games if his drunk self is as good as the average gold player?
It's made by one of the moderators here on the subreddit and has been approved by Riot in the past for games like League of Legends.
Damn without your title, I thought you were playing brimstone on Pearl, thanks for the clarification
That's how much spike explosion does, maybe omen shot at the same time
That would actually send me directly to the grave
Yoru
This sub will never be happy with maps. 
Having a 10 game losing streak
headshot % is calculated different here
just fyi, you cann wallbang the wall next to the door. so next time you don't have to chase him.
No skin is perfect. Someone will always have something to say
Actual TikTok brain rot.
I personally think she is fun as hell, but eith the popularity of the other sentinels I have a hard time picking her. She just doesn't provide the same info for map control that the others do so people think she is troll. She does nothing on attack pre-plant so your team has to play around her more, which can be frustrating for those who think she is useless. It's a viscious cycle.
I wish I was u and could see his reaction after throwing the gun out of the map
wouldnt it make a sound if he dropped? i mean the sound in the clip is me if you look at the map
Expectation: land on mid tube

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Reality: Miss the satchel and land on the ground being one tapped
"We've been trying to reach you about your car's extended warranty"
i bet its gonna be a shorty just to troll us after the nerf
Personally not a fan of plays like this. Unless you commed it to your teammates in advance, you were basically abandoning your teammates (and if you did comm, I apologize for ranting).

Specifically in this case it was a 4v4 and your team had a crossfire set up, but you decided to leave and play your lineups. In the end it was a 2v2 but KJ was left on her own because Viper wasn't with the team. I'm a Sova main and I love using flashy lineups too but I only use them when the chance of winning gun fights with my teammates are thin (forced to leave site, heavily outnumbered, etc.), or if I told my teammates in prior. I mean a win is still a win but (imho) your team could've won this without all your teammates dying aka losing guns.

Don't get me wrong. Very cool lineups and gj on the W, it's just my pet peeves.
5 man rush into mid Ascent, smoke market, into enemy spawn and circle back to A from CT
Have you watched woohoojins gold in one month video? It shows you the mechanical skills you need to climb out of low ranks, and how to practice them
Silver buddy goes HARD
Bro's smitten
i noticed he became a lot meaner and condescending to the people he was vod reviewing over time. Like compare a vod from like a year ago to today is crazy, it’s like a whole new person.
This is the first time I’ve heard of something like the second PC setup but that is wild. Fuck cheaters obviously but that’s be pretty interesting to build
idk but it's frustrating to watch a teammate attempt a 1v4 when we're already broke. just save the damn gun
I think the main difference is the reliance on your teammates in val. Ideally you get a smoke, senti, double init , and a dive duelist. What usually happens? The instalock jett, doesn’t get their jett so they lock another duelist. The afk guy comes back and also happens to be a duelist so they lock Yoru. The fill guys gets tilted and they lock duelist. 

Voila, now your team is down, has no util and everyone is tilted.
Well, you start by nerfing chamber.
Every patch I hope for some duelist changes so we get some more duelist diversity (or any at all) and every patch I'm disappointed.
I hate to say you’re delusional but you absolutely can carry on smokes if you’re truly better than your rank. I looked at your tracker and it just looks like you have to play more, you have good stats and a positive win rate but you’ve only played 7 games this act. Just keep playing on focusing on your own play and you should easily get out of bronze, after that I highly recommend watching some woohoojin videos on climbing ranked.
Finally a post from someone with an actual solution.
I feel like people are really sleeping on Gecko. And probably equally sleeping on Astra and maybe Brim too.

Gecko is super good at support. Think Skye but better. And all his utility except Mosh is good to be picked up again.

Wingman can plant but it's a REALLY good boombot. Because you can basically follow Wingman up a walkway. You essentially get a free clear up most areas. His concuss is crazy and he is RELENTLESS. He will normally follow someone to their deathbed. 

Bonus points. Wingman plants AND defuses. Oftentimes you'll be in a 2v1 or 1v1, by having Wingman defuse you can pull the enemy out of cover for either yourself or a teammate. Or on the attack, you can have this man plant amongst the chaos. If you have a Jett or Raze running it down, have him plant (preferably you use him for the stun but once again this is an option) and push with your duelist should they need the help. 

And! He's only on a ten second timer should you have the chance to pick him up. 

Then there's Dizzy, this gal terrorizes people. Throw her at an angle, she's scanning a pretty decent area. Throw her straight up while defending and she'll scan for anyone executing the site. It doesn't get any easier than that if I'm honest. 

But wait there's more! She's ALSO on a ten second timer! The catch to her is she can really get stuck in some weird places so be careful with her. If you throw them straight up, they'll just land at your feet. And I do mean straight up, no moving cause she follows momentum as well. Which is why people run and jump with her. 

I'm still haunted by that ledge over Lotus C orb. I'm so sorry, Dizzy. :(

Mosh is pretty easy. Grenade that takes time to go boom. Throw in an area and profit. Haven't tested it but I think there's line up potential there. It does a bit of damage too. Spicy. Sadly one time use though.

Ooo baby. Thrash. The demon herself. Two uses with a pick up system like Wingman and Dizzy. 200 HP iirc and acts like a Skye dog. Most people will use this to clear the site for free and then once executed, will use it to terrorize them even after the spike is planted. 

Nothing crazy here. Can jump and left click to do a little dash before exploding on impact. But two uses of detainment is crazy support. A good Gecko is spooky.

I main Astra but I've yapped enough. TLDR. Long Smoke, Fake Smoke, Stun Star, Pull Star, Big Frick off Smoke Wall. She's pretty good at post plant and with some game sense, executing sites. Plus she's global so if you want to fake a site you can or if you want to lurk you can as well. The post plant just places a star slightly off the spike for your pull and then listen for the stick and count to 2 and a half. (Suck takes one second to start up so we're trying to keep them from halfing.)

Oh yeah Brim. Mollie (Easy Line Up / Area Denial), Smokes, Stim Beacon (Fast Move, Fast Shoot for Allies) and Open up the Sky. It's a giant laser. What CAN'T you do with it?
Just throw the ult into a smoke and watch chaos unfold
That's what I try until the Sage ignores the callout and ping and plants somewhere else
neon?

fade has long black hair iirc and neon has blue yellow as shown
hi! im low elo and i use comms sometimes and usually nobody responds so if youre low elo i dont think you should be worried since people usually type in chat anyway - also if youre a bit nervous of using comms you can always play with someone you know just in case
best pro: aspas 

official ranking: best place that i know of is [vlr.gg/stats](http://vlr.gg/stats)

best player to watch: watch shanks during EG matches. you will not be disappointed. dude found the infinite money glitch by having people donate funny messages to him while also getting thousands of viewers.
I remember when I first played astra I said she literally takes you out of one game to play another (astral form)

I think it subconsciously kills the flow of the game.. it's just unnatural the way she works
Usually Yoru. I swear it's been a while since I've had a good yoru on either team
It does “hurt”. The more credible of a reporter u are the better. Ppl who report well have their reports taken more seriously. Those that spam report aren’t taken as seriously.

Smurfing isn’t against the rules, so it’s not a reportable offense actually. Also, how come u report ppl for smurfing while u do it urself? Kinda hypocritical no?
how did riot make $75 skin bundles acceptable 😭
The title is a bit misleading. He does talk about the boosting drama but he also talks about his stream and how it changed overtime to a worse product and place to be. Also detailing the steps he plans to take to change all that
Honestly most of the characters are hella cocky
This. I lived in Tokyo for half a year. Playing at maximum 5 ping. Never got any issues, people were mostly curious about me. Was playing ascendant+ ranked though
Viper is awesome on ascent but omen is just better. His TPs can be so unique on this map
You could make an argument for many sig. abilities since that’s usually what the agent’s best ability is bar few exceptions like Phoenix or Omen or agents where their whole kit is equally useful (gekko, sage)
After the patch none of the agent VO's are heard, not even ults or abilities, not even the "MATCH FOUND" sound. I tried restarting, playing other modes, turning on and off agent flavor, nothing helps.

Edit: if it's still broken for yall, do try changing the game text on the Riot client settings, enter the game and play a match, it should be fixed (but in another language for the match) and then just revert it to your og language and you should be good to go.
Pistol rounds are different in val because everyone gets free util in their kits. Cant 5 man rush sites because a raze grenade will be waiting for y'all at main once you make any noise.

SMG doesn't necessarily suck, but it is balanced to be weaker over long ranged. There is damage drop off on certain weapons after a certain distance. I forget what it is for the SMG/spectre.
wallhacks /s

jk i heard both footsteps after killing jett
Not sure why you even care mate. They’re mad because they got killed and didn’t clear corners. There’s no such thing as camping in this game lol it’s not a respawn game like cod multiplayer. Just ignore them
They said his Undercut (The vulnerable), not Double Tap. The wording is weird and I thought they meant the Double Tap orb as well.
Probably a swiftplay. Map pool rotations only apply to comp/unrated.
I agree with everything. But as an immortal 3 I have to add on, some of yhe clips you also died because your teammate peaked and died. Then you slowly peaked the same exact angles. This is bad because the enemy most likely have their crosshair perfectly on the angle, in reference to your previously dead teammate.
i experienced the same thing 5 hours ago, swiftplay tho so no loss. same map. but 2 different instances, one on the same area and one on market. switch doors probably bugged.
What in the actual fuck is that wall bang damage
Lol they are so cute. I agree with the other poster, we need a duelist. Jett or Raze
i think these are all fair points but have you tried content creation or joining a team/org? i’m sure lots of people would just have interest from watching such a good player play the game. it’s always worth a shot i feel.
Well he’s not comfortable on Raze so that sorta throws that reasoning out the window lol
Come play in Mumbai server monsieur you find the real meaning of toxicity
When u sick of CoD zombies
It’ll be fixed next patch. Sorry for the bug!
What elo? Really curious. I feel like this is only a really high elo thing haha. Even in Diamond I don’t think I can fake people out unless the clone is out of place like in the first 5 seconds of round
Ppl like this are ultimate cringe. Even commenting on “a stolen ace” is cringey. 

Like how infrequently has this happen for you that you have to command the entire team to move over and let you ace to ever get one. I will respectfully not thirst an enemy when I see an ace coming. But no, im not going to die when the last guy is A and you’re sprinting over from B. You’ll be okay. Similarly, idc if you get my last kill, especially if the last enemy is right on top of you about to kill you
"Nading gen" --> goes to gen, clearly intentional.

If there are people close to gen, there are too many angles to clear after landing, the self nade damage is quite low
normally when people don't care about being judged for having a cutesy gun/knife skin they're better people i would say
Valorants so toxic, even CS:GO players are better now. They're at least only toxic if you do bad, Val players will straight up troll and start yelling slurs for no reason other than to get a reaction.
Nice one bro


Ive never met a riot Devs lmao
Yeah many times I’ve had a teammate leave second half and then we bring it back 4v5 but still lose the OT
0-5m of course yes rng is the best option
Sometimes you’ll also see people save for an OP round 3. Meaning your jet will just buy a deagle round 2 and that’s it.

Also characters like Jett, neon, and chamber have completely different econ strats, since their ults give them a gun. If they get ~4 kills in the first 2 rounds, they are likely using their ult on round ~5 or so, meaning being broke from forcing round 4 when the rest of the team is full buying isn’t actually *too* much of an issue.
I've never bought any skins, but is this why the knife is listed as "free" when you buy the rest of the skins?
If you're in gold and you were honestly global, you need to go smurf mode and stop relying on your teammates. A global can 1v5 golds any day. Just stay alive and cover your teammates' mistakes.
Icebox attack is the easiest out of most maps. All you need to do is contact a or b together, and you should win 90% of the time.
Don't. Buy stringer. (Except 2nd round after winning pistol)
The reason people give this advice/gave this advice was because Reyna forces you to have better movement, be more self sufficient, and be a more confident aimer. Obviously just locking in Reyna without other drills to reinforce good habits won’t do great, but this is just one part of an improvement plan.

Improvement isn’t just from winning a single game it takes place over time and people may believe that is the fastest path to improvement.
And when u shoot it right under their ass.. -134 

Haha.. nice
Yes, good Kay/Os and Sovas for that matter won’t use their knife or recon without trying to get something out of it besides just intel. Likewise they won’t use the same arrows or lineups too frequently because of how predictable they are to break. For example, Sovas will use recon at start of round on defense for A lobby on Haven to help gather the ult orb in A long, whereas a bad sova/kayo that shoots his recon down Haven C long every round gets very little out of doing so unless Sova has ult. But even at higher ELOs some people are all aim and no brain and will just shoot the same recon utility every single round, so it’s really just a mixed bag.
Yeah the only people who think chamber is a duelist are the people who think the role of duelists is to get kills. unfortunately a large portion of the playbase believes thats their job. Its everyones job to get kills. duelists are designed to take space. Chamber is an aggressive sentinel because he himself is the second trip.
Just main controller then?
That's a job for literally everyone else. They can smoke, flash, stun, or scan hiding places or angles. You have no entry, aside from everyone pushing together and having dedicated angles to check
I have never seen as many smurfers as I'm seeing now in Valorant, a bunch of diamonds who have never ranked above asc 1 just completely destroying me and my team. Many of them from other regions using VPNs.
Quintuple sentinel comp is hilarious, great on defence and if you get the spike down and post plant is secure
Same issue with the Odin and shotguns. Due to their wallbang, fast fire rate and high ammo capacity, these guns are seen as low skill requiring little to no aim training  unlike the real guns like Vandal.

Just play what you want. Or if you wanna tilt them even more, buy an Odin ;)
Deadlock's ult seems to get stuck on a lot of stuff pretty easily & when it does it will eventually just let you out.

Learned that the hard way the other day.
There are a few ways:

1) smoke off the angle or cross

2) double peek and trade

3) flash 

4) bait the shot with a jiggle or jump peak and then swing

5) molly off the angle
Sova/skye let you gain free information and their kits pretty much give out free frags as the match goes on
reyna, the ppl who play her are obnoxious
5 stacking can be a rough sometimes, imo there are more smurfs in these queues. there's always a friend or two in a group who's high elo just wanting to play with their low elo friends
You'd have to focus on your movement and how to approach gunfights, but probably around immortal
ascendant has by far the most egotistical players out of any rank (started silver peaked immo2 this act) with people shittalking because they have one frag over you like they played the round perfectly. immo lobbies i've been in are usually super chill (even if the lobby is toxic you can mute all and the team still functions reasonably well because everyone is aware of what their roles' responsibility is)
dude clearly wasnt here for chamber nerfs. Dude went from 100% to like 2%
No. Bundles also don’t return to the store, if you want one of the skins after it’s gone you have to wait for it to show up in your daily store.
If it's your first fps, you are pretty much bottom of the food chain, and that's OK. As you improve at valorant and at shooters generally, you'll see your rank start to go up fast. Remember though, the biggest thing to learn isn't fancy agent tricks to start out, it's to get your crosshair to go where it needs to be when you tell it too
On my way !
CGRS!!!!!!
There is also a bug with the right click on the magepunk butterfly knife D: the sound is extremely harsh now
Shot 12: Likely didn't actually fire because you were already dead.
Do NOT show this post to a cs player 💀
Battle of Thermopylae
I actually think Val could learn something from Overwatch in this case.  Say what you will about OW but they do April fools right, they do a super wacky patch for casual modes that just makes things chaotic and really fun (plus they add googly eyes to everything).  Some Val examples would be like let kayo move when downed, give the cypher cam his gun back like in beta, make skye flashes have infinite travel range.  Just do weird stuff like that, can do it to the guns too, give the stinger perfect run accuracy, give the Marshall perfect jump accuracy.
As far as I remember, certain agents can prevent detention with the right conditions. 

Could it be a Reyna getting a kill and dismissing right before the Ult activates? Or perhaps Omen teleporting out of the area with his ult and cancels it? Would need more context.

Also a \*cough\* replay system \*cough\* so there's less confusion when such thing happens.
You have lost your eyes priviledge!
I mean, battle pass skins are like $1 each if you wanted cheap skins. 
Funny that this is the first answer
I literally just queued split and then got dc'd, followed by a queue dodge alert
it was for a week and then they nerfed it to be worse than before the buff
Third wheel has to be C

I don’t make the rules
Naa his ult is just kinda ok but the old cypher ult was just useless you had a limited time to ult someone's body it was something like 15 seconds after being killed and it only scanned them once
Bro baited that brim so hard nah man thats foul you a duelist with a shield mf
I loved using the I’m rotating one then just spinning lol
Not a single ghost, spectre or vandal which are like the only 3 guns I use :(
They go back to moderating Reddit/Discord.
…. Just…. Tell them?
>Now I feel like I'm badly affecting other people's elo.

If that's your reasoning, then absolutely not. Everyone you play with is in your elo, matchmaking is based on MMR not level. It doesn't matter if they think you're bad, they're probably just as bad on a given day.

I have a lot of friends who just don't find Comp fun. That'll never be me, but it doesn't make me respect them any less. Some people just don't care for improvement and don't really enjoy challenging themselves while playing a game for fun. If you truly have the competitive drive then I recommend trying some of the drills in [woohoojin's guide to gold](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N94WODYrWl4). Improvement takes practice, practice takes effort.
All you mathletes in here are wrong; it's 50/50, it either happens or doesn't
source: "trust me bro"
a sniper that shoots 3 bullets.  


I know I know, my creativity is immeasurable
u don't wanna know
They didn't push alone, they had all their little buddies!

But I think we both know which one it was
What about the bug where your bullets are flying everywhere except where the crosshair is at?
I actually do it because I want to practice situations that actually happen in matches rather than just perma push run and gun. DM gives terrible peeking habits and you have to actively choose to play « weird » sometimes if you want to practice for real match duel situations.

I wish there was a 1v1 arena mode, those servers helped me improve so much more than DM in CSGO
You say "hey bro lock raze or phoenix cause you are hot ass on anyone else"
It is if you wallbang from a spot that is really thick and barely wallbangable. It would have to like right at the edge of wallbangability tho, like from almost the middle of a hard box for example
Controller is not good for this game because there is no aim assist, while everyone else will be on mouse and keyboard. No bueno.
I mean I could make a your dad joke instead but I’d have to find him first
unfortunately i was a new player around it's release so i was like "naw i aint spending money on gun skins" worst mentality to have DURING arcane sheriff 🥲 i now have multiple skins.
Man they really need to nerf chamber
It's a bit like how cyphers ult used to be and still kinda is a bit. its use case is just overly specific
valorant player realising the detriments of grass touching (your winrate will be abyssmal)
Yes, but that doesn’t mean they can kill you
The cocooned enemy’s portrait turns red so you do know who you got. The rest are interesting ideas, thx for sharing
You have to be skilled enough to maintain immortal 3. But yes it’s easier but takes more grinding to hit radiant this way since you’re guaranteed to hit face off against 5 immortals/radiants
the worst one they took away was the deadlock com for lets rotate. "EN ROOOT"
I feel like I just met a wise man on a mountain that just gave me the best advice I could get. 

Playing against people in immortal is much different than diamond which I was used to. I don't do too great so there is much I still need to improve on, and want to. So I guess this is just another step haha
Why don't you just check it on the round thing after the match if you know what I'm talking about, just follow the arrow that indicates where Reyna is  


Also post a follow up because I have no clue where she was either lol
What rank? SERIOUSLY!????
I don't mind the use of Odins in this game, but what I do hate is that the game allows you to shoot through the corner of walls.
Nah Odin ads is goated
The Valorant Beta card is one I haven't seen in a long time
IMO it was a good change. Rifles shouldn’t be for spamming shots, which is what this change is trying to discourage. If you aren’t spamming, or even just spamming a little bit, this change is hardly noticeable. I think a lot of people over reacted, it’s overall a healthy change for the game. 

However, this change does give an indirect buff to other things in the game. Mainly Sage’s wall and Harbor’s cove, as well as the Ares and Odin as they will become the more viable spam weapons.
Yea ik def not ideal 😭 but it worked out
i know clove doesnt really fit the does everything narrative i do find my self picking them if i want to play agro or gekko if im not feeling it
Say "heh, you leave me no choice... it's time to unleash the alpha 🗣🗣🗣" and then log out
I could see this being used very maliciously.
Congrats

Sounds like you have much better mental than I do lol
The problem with clove has mainly been people who want to use them but have never used a smoker before and end up  ruining the matche (gold lobbies)
As an Omen main this has been happening to me sometimes over the last few acts. Although it does happen very rarely. Like maybe 3 times in 3 acts. It doesn’t seem to be lag or anything so might be a small bug.
When you're iron/bronze, not many people care about their rank. Most are casuals or beginners and those that aren't don't really have a rank to lose, if you know what I mean. Like there was nowhere really to go but up. Losing streaks are nothing when you're bottomed out as Iron 1 0 RR like I was. In Ascendant/Immortal, I don't see much toxicity either, but most of the toxic people with egos were in high Silver-mid Diamond.
24 kills is not absurd in 1 game. What’s absurd is that your team had 23 kills combined
Gunfights are different in a normal match. It's more about positioning and planning
My favorite parts of the clip:

* 2 shots left in the mag + a jumping headshot to get the ace
* The perfectly cut scream at the end of the clip
* Dismissing perfectly to dodge Gekko's ult
in that case multiple agents then. i just assumed u were a beginner since u didn’t specify and usually this is a question i see on this forum a lot from beginners
I re met online friends from 7 years prior. Used to play csgo with them then 7 years later I get into a lobby and someone goes "smokes let's go, I used to play with someone names smokes. Is this "my name". We've been gaming together again for 3 years now and have met irl multiple times. We live 5000km from eachother.
If it's just because it's the 2 main guns people use, they should def allow some other ones tho like guardian, bulldog, idk
Yeah if you develop bad habits it's gonna take even longer to unlearn it. 

For a while I've been try Harding death match to improve my aim but that had me flipping my mouse like crazy to try clear every angle in 360° that it kind of ruined my aim. 

I just stopped doing dm before comp and my aim is actually better now lol. 😅
i think if you can't get kills no matter what role it's just a skill issue moreso than your role, controllers and sentinels take less fights than duelists or initiators sure but you should excel at holding space/anchoring sites with all the util you have, unless you get completely run down then you just gotta adapt/shoot them better as its a shooter at the end of the day
Wouldn't we need to know if the OP pressed until the bar was full or if he stopped pressing when he thought it was full? Or can we see a difference there?
You've never seen it because a) you've been lucky enough to play with decent human beings and b) the game's female player base is small compared to male.

It absolutely happens *a lot* to basically every woman who plays competitive online games and uses voice chat.
If streaming is too daunting I would just get his in game footage and make a clip montage out of it and put it out on YouTube with some clickbait titles.
It's so clear that he's a narcissist. That's why he came up with the secret radiant account lie. All he has to do is actually hit radiant on stream and everyone will believe him! After years of talking about his "radiant tactics" and claiming to be a radiant player, he actually deluded himself into thinking he could hit radiant easily and it's biting him in the ass.
You answered your own question in your postscript. They want you frustrated and waiting weeks for what you want. 


It's shitty but it makes the industry literal billions so they never change after decades of asking the same questions about their predatory bullshit
“womp womp you’re in this elo too” then I dial them down to 10%. I avoid muting bc SOMETIMES they’ll give actual comms but they’re also easier to ignore if they’re screaming or moaning in team chat
u don't even stop while shooting lol
This is a clove bug that we're working on fixing for next patch.
that would in fact be rather stupid, thankfully they're not going to put this into the game
Chamber can inspect his guns. I mean sure, they're weapons but they're also abilities, same as Jett's knives. 

Guess it's time to nerf Chamber again
I think Gekko is not as easy as other initiators but he became very popular recently after the Skye nerfs
somewhere out there, a valorant agent is watching skibidi toilet and cocomelon
fuck no, I went home and cried, lost 5 games and cried again
So, if the bomb is down and you are in defense then you can't res yourself? That's not fair lol
This guy has the same tremors and he's done well. Below is his youtube channel. Also, I think if you do a search he has also posted on reddit. Keep your head up man. Perhaps you can reach out to this guy and ask for his advice.

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwU1lkZf7L4&ab\_channel=MrToes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwu1lkzf7l4&ab_channel=mrtoes)
Play on a silver acc and perform average for that rank, in every single way. Fuck around if you want to, but don't outperform the 5th frag of the game. No ascendant strats, no clutching rounds a silver wouldn't clutch, simply emulate the average silver performance. It's the only ethical way if you have to play ranked, even if it may be difficult.
Gekko is a bad choice because of Thrash and Mosh Pit. Gekko himself and Wingman are fine though.
In counter strike, it's counter terrorist spawn (CT spawn) and terrorist spawn (T spawn), so people just say CT spawn for defenders and T spawn for attackers in val
Generally when people say exit frags are meaningless theyre referring to players who always play for exits to boost their kda rather than playing to win. Obviously going for exits if the round is guaranteed lost unless you make a hero play or just theres no time is a good idea but when people immediately have the mindset of playing for exits and then complain about how theyre not ranking up despite having a high kd ratio and its their teammates who are holding them back is the problem.
Imagine if she's named "replay" just to spite everyone lmao
Clove is quite literally one of the best solo Q agents imo. Their kit is just so well rounded.
Having to play alot of valorant sounds like a punishment espically if you are bad lol
Love how this is the only comment rn
Those headshots were CRISP.
You say that and don’t mention that monstrosity of a crosshair?
Saying when someone is “like when insects are drawn to the electric traps” is such an interesting and accurate way of calling some valorant players game choices hard stuck stupid haha
Ohhh, performance anxiety? ;)
Cypher needed the buff, let the hate come
Im sorry, doodle buds is cute, but its the MOST forgettable bundle, and the one that NO ONE WILL EVER BUY. 1775vp for a couple of black outlines on a white gun. I bet you all either didn't know this bundle existed or forgot it did
Wouldn’t help sage much, you can see it in the feed and also on the top of your screen you can see how many people are alive on both teams
which ironically, almost never actually happens since most gym bros have been there, making smurfing even more illogical
map exists= yoru playable
And the Harbor “this is what happens when the goth girl gets superpowers” lmao
Better baguette then cyka blyette
This really throws a wrench in a lot of theories regarding Viper, Sage, and Omen. If Sage had no hand in Omen becoming what he is, and the cinematic shows Viper as Viper, then what happened between Sage and Viper already passed....

What a wild reveal. I'm honestly not sure how to feel about it. I didn't expect Omen to be a former enemy given how warm everyone seems to be towards him. Very confusing...
My Bucky would have hit fade for 2, maybe 3 on a good day
Nade is a decay, as you can see in the trailer, she 1 tap KJ in the body with the nade effect. No concussion on the head tho.

The butterfly around her body is weird tho, it is not suppose to be a shield from what I can see. I'm actually thinking about a skill deny effect where she doesn't receive take any debuff/damage/flash from utilities? but it is unlikely for a controller to have it tho.

Smoke better refreshable, no one would want to play a 2 smokes brimstone lol.
Flashing your team as KAYO is also a way to get comms started
inside the wall, then once its there it free falls of the map im pretty sure.

  
bug, report to riot if u wish.
"Why did you" questions.  


It usually goes like this:

\- not communicating before the round  
\- not communicating during the round  
\- writing or shouting \[AGENT NAME\] WHY DID YOU...???? immediately after they die  


This is the worst.  


No, you don't want to know why your teammate did it. You just want to vent.  
Chances are, your teammate already knows they made a mistake.  
You are making them feel even worse about it.  
You are destroying the team spirit.  
You are stealing valuable time and energy to discuss what we can do better next round.  


Fuck "why did you".
Viper: *Oh no, the consequences of my actions.
I love seeing the console release of this game, it's so refreshing and love seeing all the new people coming into the game. I hope valorants esports gets more popular because of it too.
Idk about y'all but when I'm in a discord call and playing. I always complain a little, like not in game obviously. Had a moment where I was talking shit about a lurking phoenix in the discord call and the team heard the whole thing lmao
The only advice is to start playing Competitive. It isn't the best matchmaking but it's much better than Unrated.
What is it? I main viper and didnt notice any major bugs
I mean reaching your desired rank and/or being stuck there might be the nr.1 reason for quitting so keeping you from ever reaching it will keep you more engaged for sure
Not huge changes, doesn't affect his "neutral game" (or whatever full buy rounds are) so long as his signature remains untouched.

For VCT meta, maybe went from C-tier to B-tier? Now, there's at least an argument to pick him on a few maps that Killjoy/Cypher don't currently dominate. Icebox is the first one I can think of.

Still just fine in ranked, much better for eco with the HH cost reduction.
I always liked the idea of an Initiator that actually helps you initiate first on site, like throwing you like jett dash.
Bot peeks better than Iron - Silver (me)
Yeah I have. You can't win with these people. Even if I carry I get trash talked judt because I'm a girl lol. Like, I'd get it if they're being toxic because I'm doing bad or not playing with the team but most of the time it has nothing to do with the game. At the end of the day fps games are always going to have toxic players.  Its just so annoying. I also stopped playing for a while because of the same reason ,it got insufferable people letting their frustrations out just because a girl is playing an online game. It sucks bc I have to use coms and rely on coms
so you can't get better at Valorant.  
i don't make the rules.
Gekko is the better agent. 

Can’t flash your teammates unless you get really unlucky.

Plus wingman is a free plant most of the time.
A 4 week break will inevitably create some rust. We have also had a hard rank reset recently, so that’s a factor.

Along with that reset comes worse lobbies because you’re now in the same MMR has people who have recently been grinding to rank up. 

Your MMR is far higher than your visible rank, and your new lobby mates likely aren’t at the same MMR as you, usually meaning different styles of play.

As someone who constantly overs Ascendant - Immortal 2, I have found that more often than not, people on both sides of the lobby have next to ZERO patience. 

If you’re a more methodical player, you’re bound to have struggles in the ever devolving atmosphere of this game lol.
That's the least surprising outing ngl
I wish I had such throwing enemies
i think we can see who got stuck with the spike then
I have been the most successful with Gekko and Viper (surprisingly) on Abyss, so I'll most likely try to stick with those two as needed.
which i mean, is probably in front of you lmao
grim walls refer to sage not viper lol, basically just insanely creative and odd sage walls.
*suspiciously glances at the cypher flare*
T side or T spawn nobody says TR
Well theres toxic misogynists here and there. But a handful of times there are the actually dangerous ones. The ones that hate you when you say hello. How worthless you are, how youre only on earth to obey men. That explicitly says how they're gonna rape you and kill you. You can tell by the way they talk and how much hatred they have for women. My account level is 727 for reference and Ive met hundreds of misogynists but these ones? Maybe 5. These ones were I wish I could notify police cause I truly believe they're capable of doing something crazy.
I'm guessing it hit you which removed the shield and then you got splash damaged?
Definitely not mid but the nerf was just unnecessary
U did get my mes"sage" tho.
This still won't change the bundle being insanely popular, gunna be seeing a lot of these on the ground.
Seems like a glitch when it pops
Aiming with movement is good but u still need to micro adjust 99% of your shots, so I’ll say keep practicing.
What’s his account name. Imma report him for you. Lol
It is one rank higher.

Take a chill pill.
You just described me lol. That map is always a mood killer for me, but for some reason I still have the highest win rate on it
Ascendant. If you are high imt3 / radiant, it genuinely doesn't matter if you win or lose your placement matches you get placed ascendant no matter what
Ascendant 1-2, maybe some diamonds
It sets your HP and Shield to whatever it was at the start of the round.
What is this crosshair lol. But really nice ace. This Brim will be super mad
Is this why half my team is afk each pre round?
This is interesting and well written. It's like Reyna's only purpose as an agent is to be one for smurfs to play. If you were to ask someone to design an agent to solo climb out of low ranks with, you would ask for a heal on kill, an invulnerable escape tool, an op blind, and an ult which can be used whenever. Maybe she's not a failed agent if that's her purpose but she is the only truly skill-less agent in the game which incentivises smurfs to play to kill noobs.
The firing sounds. They need to match the recoil for me, and should sound satisfying. For example, I hate playing the default Phantom.
It got deleted for being a couple of seconds too short
It'll be in Kuronami 2.
I can’t help but feel like buying a bundle that is very obviously flashy, then disliking it because of said flashy-ness, is kind of on you. No offense, I just don’t get the point of this post. You spent $90 on colorful guns with magic animals in them and are surprised when said magic animals distract you.

As for the “utility vs flashy skins” thing I really don’t get it. Every skin they’ve made is “flashy” in some way. The game overall is flashy. The artstyle is specifically made so that the flashiness of literally everything isn’t out of place. These guns aren’t the first to have special reloads or even to have animals involved in the gun itself. Similar posts to this one about the dragon guns were made when those came out and now it’s one of the most loved gun sets in the game.

Being exposed to something new and needing time to process it is not a bad thing.
Wait this looks so good that I legit just can't think of what the normal buy menu looks like lmao. Every time I try to picture it, this image just comes up...

Legit can someone post the current buy menu so I can compare?
There’s many good fun people, tarik, som, fns, shoxie etc
I thought every skin had finishers and saw someone else’s and thought it was mine
Thanks for the explanation.
I started out in episode 2 as an iron 1 player, never really seriously warmed up beforehand but just like you described got slowly better and better ( I was hard stuck bronze for a long time tho) and around episode 4 or so got to silver. Idk to me warmups are way too boring I just jump right in.
[deleted]
Has to be Forsaken IMO. He is one of the best, if not the best flex player in the world rn. And he is the one who calls majority of the rounds for PRX. Although stats wise, Aspas shits on all of em atm, with Keznit being the second best.
I’d love for discord to help me beat valorants raid bosses!
Lol this one is savage 😂
Because smurfs
giving you a chance to understand how to play the game, before you go and ruin other people ranked games.
Omen clearly :)
Lil bro's a Phoenix one trick with a 0.79 KD and 7% headshots acting like they don't deserve Iron 💀💀💀
Favorite: Ascent. I really think it’s peak map design. Attack and defense have tons of options to exploit the enemy.

Least favorite: Breeze. I’m a boomer with bad aim and you’re forced into so many long angles/Vandal fights.
yeah check the edited comment
Yeah, we won't bring Abyss into ranked without fixing this. We have a fix scheduled for 9.00 (next patch)
Its prx bro they have the weirdest comps that still work
Private cheats are safer to use but extremely expensive and often a scam. Any cheat that is sold to everyone is detectable and will get you banned sooner or later, it can be months but at the end you will still be banned even if you stopped using it. Triggerbot too.
He played Reyna. Makes sense
Immo 3 is very different from radiant.

I've been Immo 3, I'm not close to a 700 radiant and never will be. High immortals have said for a long time that his advice past immortal is iffy
Let Neon do ALL APEX MOVEMENT
Aim lab is ok to train your active aim, but Valorant requires more passive aim, in other words, you should train where to pre-aim and learn how to peek correctly. I'm not an expert, but this is what I hear the most (and did in fact help me to be better in my games)
Lil guy was tired
1 and 3 are ideal.
Stop caring about what others will think of you since  you will almost never have to talk to them again. You can just say basic comms first so you get used to it.
Just going to remind everyone that the people complaining about Iso are high elo. All the streamers and people are saying ranked is a mess with him. My high asc games has a top fragging iso on both teams every game. You are either low elo, or just don't understand the value of double your ttk at high elo.

Even if he wasn't broken, it's just bad for the game. It isn't fun to counter him. What other free abilities requires that much coordination to counter from the enemy team? Clue, none of them.
Bro my 3-18 ass is NOT feeling confident 😭
ive never played valorant before, so im not going to have any skins or anything when the game launches on console. is there free to play avenues of unlocking cosmetics? battlepass, challenges, etc? or is it all paid?
You can?

 I assumed this was a one-off fluke where he shot me the precise moment where I MIGHT be vulnerable while in ult. The Cypher didn't even question it.
I know it's a goofy clip and all but I think it's important to point out that there are only two tactical shooters even on this generation of console (Siege and Insurgency) and neither of them have an aim penalty for moving either. Like yeah they're shit in this clip but this is pretty new ground for console since maybe the CSGO release on X360 that everyone dumped within a month.
if you’re referring to what they said in the dev diary, they were reffering to buffs theyve already done (which is why they mentioned chamber/gekko)
Uh.. no?
i also think lukewarm 

if it was boiling we would take damage trying to cross the wall, it would also be insufferable to be inside his bubble and there would be steam everywhere

it could be cold but to me it’s lukewarm
Just bask in their noob tears as you Odin your way to gold lol.
Valorant has always had a slow ass dev time. Its just something most people are accustomed to. As to why riot doesnt do anything who fucking knows lmao. They used to have a snowball fight mode and stuff on icebox though. But if I had to guess it just has to do with the slow dev pipeline or something.
Yeah and its good on bulldog as well i just meant in general/mainly for the proper rifles and smgs
They only added one new weapon since the release of the game. The newly added weapon is the Outlaw (the $2400 Sniper)

Now regarding their business model, to be honest, the game is free and no matter what they do, I can't blame them if it's only skins.

Yes their prices are absurdly high, however you don't have to spend a dime on this game, ever. It doesn't give you anything other than just pixels.
i disagree with most of these replies. Yes, you should be practicing EFFECTIVELY, and in that regard, hours put in does not equate skill level. BUT. Some people are claiming that anyone could reach any rank with enough effort and time. In my experience with people of lower intelligence playing video games, there is a genuine wall for some people, and it really gets to them. The concept of a non-existent [personal] skill ceiling does not translate to real life, in my opinion. Some people are simply limited with their thinking.
What OP mean is, how can viper move from A main to mid in almost 5 sec?  
  
Just keep a look at the minimap when you guys watch the video.   
It is a cypher ult and the viper for first was revealed at A main. After 2 seconds the second reveal was done and the Viper was at Mid. How? No way anyone can just move that fast from A main to Mid in 2 seconds unless you are Yoru.

Those of you are saying viper has legs and can move while cypher scans them, think again, the distance is very long to cover between two cypher ult scans. And Sova POV was at mid double doors and it didnt catch viper crossing either.
This is some crazy speak my man. OP is probably the most bought gun right after the vandal and phantom
Just the inconsistency and the way alt accounts alter everything.

Some days everything can be fine, the next day you can have trolls, throwers, smurfs, boosters for like the whole day. Or just plain uneven matchmaking - team diff often. 

It all feels skewed. It doesn't really feel fair sometimes. And I get it yeah yeah, part of the game and what not, but it does feel like a grind when it seems like your agency doesn't matter a significant portion of the time.

The way that the matchmaking works feels very artificial. For example you get a decent team on paper where you "should" win or should be fair on paper, and your opponents have some garbage account who drops 40 on you just because that account history is trash.
"TRADE ME, STOP PEAKING ONE BY ONE IN TO HER WHAT THE FU..." *ACE*
i have araxys and while i only use black/red variation it still doesnt get old.
Nah that aspect of his business is legit.

People submit the VOD into a bot raffle system and then it picks a random winner. If you watch his full stream VODs you can see the process.
Are you absolutely sure it's 12k and not 1.2k?
Most probably the game wasn't fun for her but playing it with you was the fun
The main issue I am hearing, from speaking to many of my friends who enjoy representation, is when companies do this it often feels disingenuous and extremely overt. They want to feel like a naturally included part of the experience and absolutely loathe feeling like they had to put one in just to have one in. I think I speak for the vast majority when I say we care about how the agent feels to play, play with, and play against. If they're a good add to the game then nobody is going to care about anything else. (outside of .1% vocal people)
i mean the nerfs you think are good are all nerfs that a Raze main hopes for because they're all nerfs which are in grand scheme of things - meaningless.

Satchel audio is already loud enough, if thats an issue to somebody it's their fault.

Satchel damaging and moving enemies is so rare and circumstantial that it changes very very little about Raze. If this was removed her winrate would be lowered astronomically little. Her viability would not be impacted at all.

Cost nerfs effectiveness would boil down to - if it's too low nothing changes, if its too high Raze is dead because buying satchels would not be efficient. Very 50/50.

I agree a satchel shouldn't be removed, but the rest is fair game. Distance, speed, weapon draw time those are fair nerf options. 

Not even Jett can dash as well into the site as Raze can. Raze can literally swerve and strafe mid air and her one ability (satchel) equals pretty much both Q and E of Jett's.
Ironic that you are the butthurt one, I thought it was funny too and was making a joke
Raze and sova are good agents though
Some advice if ur playing neon with ur ult don’t go straight toward them move side to side instead that way ur harder to hit
That spray transfer uninstalled everyone's game for them
It's like screaming into the void here. Majority of this sub will downplay this issue and any other.
I think the most ironic part of this is the fact that the first thing Omen thought of after leaving protocol was going to specifically Scotland for whatever reason lmao.

Indeed, Scotland is forever.
Also a helpful tip, the sound circle on the map when running is the radius of kayo’s ult and the spike explosion
Champ songs ranked:

1. Die for You
2. Ticking Away
3. Fire Again
4. SUPERPOWER
Haha, can’t say I didn’t see this coming.
Looks like unrated. The game went into sudden death instead of overtime on 12-12.
"NOT THERE!"

"CAN'T GO THERE!"
This right here is the best option
I think the enemy iso ulted our chamber and I ulted the Iso. In the end none of saw each other lmao
the game placed you in iron lobbies while you are bronze 3. Because you lost in lower ranked lobbies than you are, the game thinks you are a bad player so it tries to bring you down, explaining the rr
We just lost 6 rounds in a row after choking a 10-3 lead. My team stopped using comms, our heads were down, but my Yoru Aced when he was last alive and the team celebrated like we just won the World Cup final. 

The team started using comms again and we won the game on overtime. That’s what I call a good ace. 

It’s always hard to kill all 5 players, but you can do it with a lot of luck also.
Say you have the bomb planted on pistol round and there are enemy players saving, if they do not die that round, their eco gets very fucked for next round
If you play in and around smokes people will call you a rat. If you play in an off angle or one and done that they didn't properly clear theyll call you a rat. If you use your util to give yourself a favourable fight theyll call you a nerd. If you play time instead of taking every possible fight theyll call you a nerd.
Interesting strategy
That’s if your team can actually execute mid control. If you’re in the average elo (gold/plat) everyone thinks that they are Jesus Christ walking on water in this game, so it’s rare for a team to play well together and actually claim mid control
If they give Phoenix or clove that voice line I’ll riot
Black market butterfly for the RNG
Bro is playing on his windows 98
People have long complained about the remake system, but Riot refuses to do anything about it. Honestly, I have no idea why.

I feel like Riot is just afraid of it being abused, but I think more people are affected negatively than there are instances of possible abuse.

It's absurd that you have to play a drawn-out losing game where you lose more RR on average and waste your time, rather than just being able to call the game off for being simply unfair and tanked not due to your own making.
It certainly does in CSGO but bhops on valorant with space bar is pretty easy
choosing whether you want it or not might be a waste of time, amplified with the domain dispel time

but yea nice idea
Woohoojin has some No BS coaching stuff, other than that Jarso is the only Valorant content i watch.
Please add this link to your post as well. That career results is definitely a clear proof of cheating.
It would be better if it killed them in real life as well
Had an e couple yell at me in swiftplay because i took her boyfriends ace. He got a 3k, i got 2 before him.

He proceeded to get three 4ks after and you sure bet i was sprinting across the map to make sure he didnt get them. Like congrats you're an immortal crapping on  silvers do you want a medal?
You did well countering the flashes by repositioning followed by by a 3k. Nice job
Yeah everything from SEN was not hitting today, especially on Breeze. Strats, midrounding, just normal shots, etc. They played very badly. GenG is also insane and are gonna win this event no doubt in my mind
I find two games of the tactical fps genre not different enough for one to be refreshing, when the other one gets boring.
When I get bored of Valorant, most of the time I completely switch genres and play some survival game
Wonderful!
yes that was a completely lucky shot, he generally flicked toward double door and it happened to connect
Breeze sucks. Give us Haven back for christs sakes.
Val and any other competitive game I care more about how I play. Less in Val than CS, but COD I just play for fun and to talk with my friends. If I go 0/50 in cod I laugh, if I go 0/5 even in Val/cs, I rethink my intelligence.
ddosing just for valorant is crazy
I just wish that this applies to who you can queue with too. It's kinda silly if I get matched with and against people I literally wouldn't be allowed to queue with.
nah, you peek/take fights with A and D. Unless this is really high elo where most people have good crosshair placement, crouching is just a quicker way to die. Counterstrafing is an essential skill because it throws off the opponent who might not have the best tracking, and it can help you land a clean shot.
Im from SEA(singapore server). Let me tell you the gameplay in SEA is vastly different than NA,EU, and North Asia (china,Kr,jpn).

Nowadays everyone in every region has good aim but this is how it used to be

NA : combination of aim and strats but mostly flashy aim. A little bit of discipline.

EU : consistent aiming but mostly strats and more disciplined in everything.

Asia : Can be aggro and can be disciplined. Have flashy type of aiming but usually inconsistent. 

SEA : Basically no balance in everything. Either its full aim no brain or full brain no aim. They just repeek every angle and very aggro. If you've seen how PRX plays, thats basically how most SEA players play. Taking high risks and high reward or they just dont care and go aim. Let me tell you that they will do anything to win, so sometimes people who lurks might just sits on a corner for more than 40 secs just to kill you and not help their team or flank really late. This can either be really good or cause their team to just lose many rounds.

Back then when i was still learning tac shooters. I was watching pros from NA and EU and was so confused why the things that these pros are doing doesn't work. It's mostly because SEA players don't think.
They won't. Or it will take them 2+ years. Ppl've asking for replay system since day 1 and we've got nothing. At least we an get new skin bundle every update for 40$ :)
Facts. So many times I have like 2 kills at the half, turn it around, team MVP and we win.

If you bully that bottom frag you’re just shooting yourself in the foot
kuronami i love idk why i js hit my shots idk. but also xerofang and elderflame make me hit my shots. Im not sure why haha. 

glitchpop vandal completely fucks up my aim. i think it’s because the gun feels super bulky and annoying.
i was so confused finding out he was supposed to be swedish because it was so clear to me he was norwegian like me.
"Here comes the party!" is perfect.
From the way you aim, I'd reckon you play with pretty high sens so you can consider getting lower sens for consistency.

Your aim is also too spastic and all over the place, try to calm down and not overheat ur aim by checking all angels.
You're just at level 26 chill. And it's a game at the end of the day don't stress sm about it. Its supposed to relax you not stress you out. Enjoy the process and play to have fun and not to win☝🏻
as a girl i swear every game i play i have one dude calling me mommy, one insulting me, one saying i remind him of his ex, and the enemy team asking me if its pink in all chat. solo queue is hell
It's basically a cheaper guardian with limited bullets. Zoom is the same as guardian plus it's high penetration iirc so you can get wallbang kills. And I think you can still spam it on close range.

I normally use it on eco rounds as I buy 2-3 bullets every full buy round so I can basically save in eco and still have a mini guardian.
Comms are pretty important in ranked, but if the comms are just harassment and not helpful then yeah, just mute them. Ideally you should find a duo or group to play with.
I would stream snipe Tenz and be on his team
Spike Rush is honestly better than bots would be IMO.

DM (zero pressure) - Spike Rush (minimal pressure) - Swift play (moderate pressure) - TDM (chaos) in that order.
You mean like when it’s passing them or when it’s sitting in a corner? Cuz passing them it’s hard to shoot and you expose your position, and when it’s sitting in a corner it’s hard to find. When they do find it they shoot it tho.
Outplay them. Figure out where they like to play and decide strategies to expose their weak points. Aim is only one part of the game, not the deciding factor
Say “you’re hard stuck” to him and he’ll fs get back into it
The fact people in immo dont understand how to smoke properly scares me. It was bad enough seeing people not understand it in my diamond lobbies
I feel like at that point they're not your comp duo. You're just their carry. I mean, this person is going whole acts with 0.5-0.6 KDs. That means they're dying DOUBLE as much as they're getting kills. How they could be ranking up without using smurfs is beyond me.
Why would there be a match-fixing investigation lmao
"Section 7 of the ToS highlights any activity intended to “boost” an account's status or rank as an activity that may warrant disciplinary measure." 

Sounds like a rightful ban to me
So that Riot can charge you ten bucks so that you can say you’re a ***real*** Chamber/Jett/Raze main.
Nah if you aren't a pro player who passes 36 hours per day training line ups and tactics with a close team you aren't a Valorant player to the eyes of riot so they will develop nothing to you unfortunately
Well that’s an easy way to get mvp
KJ probably only rotated far enough to activate the turret in the first place. Which is why she was so quick to get to lamps and why her turret was up. Shots were clean. How old is a boomer in this context?
they really should give astra her 5th star back
I can vouch for Eggster and FakeAnanas.
So true! Was playing unrated so was not ready to get hit by 5 flashes
yoru can ignore fall damage with ult (I've been doing it in the range forever)
Mainly it's because content creators are great for advertising the game and keeping up interest. Smurfing keeps these bored higher ranks and cringe content creators entertained and since it's only at the expense of lower ranks experience, riot doesn't care since it helps the content scene of Valorant. Like these guys are breaking ToS explicitly but there's literally no repercussions.
Just wanted to take the time to say thank you for the big uptick in transparency yesterday and today. It really helps to understand things like the reasons the replay system is taking so long and just be able to look forward to the future. ❤️
Thank you this literally addresses all his points and truly needs to be in a video since people sadly didn't hear the other common questions answered. And he's being coached by Dopai on raze
Just a theory but in the first clip where Clove throws the Q towards the button, it looks like it hits KJ and knocks her back almost since she gets sent into that corner way quicker than if you just ran towards it
FR AHAHA
Thanks bud
Shows how acs isnt related to rr
She has one of the biggest rumps for her size
Never again. I'm staying an indoor boi.

&#x200B;

But fr tho, I travel a lot, but have never had such a bad effect in game from it. I usually play better after an extended break, but this one has made me play a whole lot worse, an effect that remains 8 months later.
It is not a good thing for sure. People do the same thing to play with their friends who are in low rank. I don't like it either but we can't really do anything.

Riot doesn't consider smurfing against their T&C.

So, people who smurf or boost their friends or random people at a price aren't punished.

You can even queue with your high ranking friends who are using low elo accounts in five stacks and reach Radiant by playing against lower rank players quite easily, compared to grinding your way to it the normal way.

None of these will get you any punishment. So, even if you report any of these things, it will result in nothing.
as far as i know you can't heal while taking damage or having hp debuffs, so i don't think it would work. Im not entirely sure tho.
He says that hes gone through so much pain when dealing w smurfs/throwers that he says he needs other ppl to feel it too

yeah idk, dude is kinda crazy
If sage revives you still get the orb, right? If so it isn’t exactly on round end.
Bro thought he was playing a game where bullets are actual projectiles with actual travel time
If you want to seriously go pro Valorant needs to be your life. Most people underestimate how difficult and mentally stressful it is to go pro.
Post tracker we'll see if it's worth it lol
I hate breeze from all my heart
i had a guy that was bragging about smurfing. im g1 peak but s3 right now (rank reset hit me back to s2) and he was talkinng about how he was like asc immo level
Flashers that don’t announce the flash and end up hitting friends more than enemies
in hindsight, it was kinda obvious that he should just get his shield without the initial orb lol. like it's one of those things that sounds OP on paper but they preemptively neutered it on launch.
Odin and op are especially strong in low elo because the real counter is crosshair placement. You can’t always get good util from your team, but all sorts of util make those guns less effective. Stuns reduce fire rate, flashes will force them off the close angle, smokes make the op less valuable. The other thing to know is that those guns are not good at clearing angles. That makes entering and retaking site harder than with a rifle. If you can avoid rushing into a site, it’ll be hard for mutiple odins to defend all the sites.

You can always buy back and odin/op them.
love how he calls him not because hes worried of whatever was in there but because the alarm is annoying
Sage.You lose speed and agility with armor and well Sage is a cheat code she states in game that her power has no limit therefore you get unlimited revives and as such armor would just be a downside.
Yep. Happened to me. You can also catch phoenix ult...
Wonderful flair 😭
don’t listen to the other comments from casuals lol. any HS% over 90 in a high elo lobby (imm-asc as you said) is 100% some sort of cheat. 90% is simply unattainable if you play the game like you are meant to, let alone those averages
They/them
I agree. On the close quarters maps, stinger goes crazy but on longer range I love the sheriff for its nasty one taps
Honestly muting is the best option. I was in a comp game and this one guy was talking way to much, but he was also giving good callouts so I didn’t want to mute him. So I said “can you please just be quite, I don’t want to mute you but I can’t concentrate with you talking so much”. He went afk/dced the rest of the game.
Still targets but their technique looks great
bronze 3
Omen is the most flexible controller, for sentinel I would argue that Cypher is superior on the current maps, duelist is between Jett and Raze, and Initiator would be Skye although I'm not sure if she's still the best after the nerfs.
I'm asc2, could probably hit asc3 but immo seems a little hard to hit rn. This is all in comp, high dia/low asc enemies.
they say something like "let's play slow". Also some players do just need to shut up tbh
my female friend uses a menly username to avoid this harassment and also dosen't use voice comms only chat .
Usually requires 2-3 people but since the bomb was in the corner, 1 person ended up working out for this. Nice play
Bro holy adhd TikTok brain cuts I had to pause for a second so my brain wouldn’t have a seizure
nice ace horcus 10/10
AS
He was given his radiant account [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/s/E5jBHnUeDp)
I play harbor in 10k+ and hes fine. I don't see him having any issues or needing a rework.

If anyone comes through his big wall, they are a free kill most of the time. The ORB can let you break cypher trips without dieing.

He scales well with his waves and makes oping rough for the enemy

I mean the list goes on, he has a ton of option but low ranked players dont know how to play him.
Its not so much that deadlock is bad but rather that the other options are so much better.
I already see myself dying 3 times in one round (Clove res + Sage res) 💀
this is insane behavior
Best lobbies are either late at night or early morning to afternoon (basically when those insufferable children are at school). But also everyone chill was watching the super bowl today.
I’m not sure what’s causing it, if anyone has a fix lmk
Tf was Cypher doing
That is the only wall I ever see used in high elo for A site defense. Your teammates were just ass and coping
yeah but it's harder to rank up through immortal than it is any other rank, people might take two weeks to get from plat to diamond, only to be stuck in immortal 2 for the rest of their lives.

as you get higher your mistakes get smaller and harder to notice and fix yknow.
Vipers a shit solo smoker unless youre on breeze so if you dont have another smoke on your team youd be better off learning brim, omen or astra (ideally brim cos hes the best pick on bind but omens the overall most versatile and best on the most maps)
Yeah, i peaked G3 and can confidently say that when i start playing differently the aim gods stop oneshoting me. 

Honestly i think i usually get pre-aimed and even pre-fired.
Unless you sent them a friend request in the past which you forgot about and they never accepted or declined it and realised it was you and accepted it there to troll you into thinking this. Only reason I say that is because I feel if there was an exploit to do this people would have likely done it to content creators already etc to troll them. But then again, you never know it could well be an exploit!
FNS helped write the Declaration of Independence and he’s radiant
"I'm a 2005" damn I already feel old
It’s already been said by a riot employee that they will never add RR gain/loss. The reason is because of bullying, the bottom frag could be bullied enough to dc so the team will lose less on a loss or gain more on a win.
Me when Sova Owl and Fade Dog aren't Pokemon 🥺
wingman is a main character
You win the game I guess
Not stable at all and you have to be the best of the best to make decent money imo not worth it
how did you get your team to yap this much lmao my bronze lobbies sound nothing like this
agree with omen and iso, Yoru is easy to antagonize people and gekko is more 'chill' then calm, maybe fade and sage can go in
I always start a round by asking "what's up" or "how is everyone" and sometimes people respond like a normal human being and sometimes I get told to kill myself. A lot of people who play this game have terrible mental health and want to drag everyone else down. Just mute them and play as if they're a no comm.
I mean, what do you expect when you've played for 61 hours during well over a year. But congrats on Silver
You do know that people in China have to use VPN to virtually do anything on the internet right? Like Youtube for example.
Viper feels amazing to play. She is my go to on breeze. But idk if she needs a nerf. They need to buff harbor though. That's gonna give her competition.
I don't think the hood is a part of the hitbox.
You’ll often hear the most unhinged brainrot takes from people who’s entire life hinge on a team based video game.
love at first site execute is amazing
Wait what? Can you explain?
You say this but my teammates still don’t know wtf map control is
Loving it. 

My view on aim assist changes every match. On one hand it's beginner friendly, and is the trade off for not having a mouse to flick on a satchelling Raze, or updrafted Jett. But then games like Rainbow Six don't use aim assist, and it's perfectly fine. 

I think they should nerf it a little bit.
I think OP may be in iron or bronze. Lol
No movement error. Run and gun will be 100% accurate
Why y'all downvoting him? 

Do reddit users hate it when people ask questions???
Valorant needs an avoid feature like OW. At a minimum of 5 people. We are willing to wait the extra que times Riot. Make it happen please. 🙏🏻
Slows sensitivity for micro adjustment while still allowing flicks
its like an unspoken rule that unless ur a sova u try and play vandal and aim for one taps. Of course if one side starts to odin then its free game, just becomes a hell for the attackers.
Damn thank you, got it on my first try
Valid Ig better than the prices of R.E.S
Dont need to counter strafe. It makes a 10ms difference in valorant. Your walk speed is much slower in valorant so thats probably why it feels weird.

Also its not bad to counter strafe. I personally still do it just because its the muscle memory im used to. But again it just doesnt make a difference, letting go of the key to stop is just as effective.
Bruh wtf wut lobby is tht
Lay off the banana pill, man
People seem to not realize that Reyna will only heal for 50 now. That means even with ult she wont heal back to full after taking 2 shots.
Just a couple steps closer and that would have been fine. You can jump throw it over the top too.
Ay bro my classic doesn’t do that wtf
Probably me
Once played against someone with an immo buddy. An ex-immo against silver and gold players yet they were getting shit on, we won that game.
champions vandal 2023 im bummed out that i didnt get 2021
https://i.bfz.moe/mp4/2024/March/16/DRAMA_TALK.html


Found in his server, think it covers most of it 👍
Yes because everybody's controller drifts in the exact same way every AFK match. Make it make sense
It kinda looks like some of his tech uses strings, so maybe like a cypher trip that reels you in? Or an automated astra pull, but that's not pulling in CLOSE.

It'd be very goofy looking though, but then again so is cypher trip when a jett dashes through one and gets slingshotted around.
I've been playing consistently for 3 years. Have about 2500-3000 hours. I've seen the cheater detected screen twice and there are very few times I've genuinely felt like I was playing against one. Especially if it was unrated, highly highly doubt it was a cheater. Getting one tapped by a good player through a smoke isn't absurdly uncommon. If you have good crosshair placement and fire a few shots into a smoke you know or think someone is in it happens
Good to know!
It’s worse, like crack I constantly need to feed my craving, playing day in and night sometimes getting no sleep till I start to look (and smell) like Smegel
How old is he? Creating a twitch channel could be great because people love to watch immortal/radiant players. There's a french young streamer who always had "14yo radiant" in his stream title on Twitch and now he knows many famous players and streamers and has hundreds of viewers. He's 15 now but still writes "15yo radiant".
Why haven’t they added one do you think?
Yes but the range is limited to the area she dies in
diamond is such an interesting elo cuz u can tell who got out of the metal ranks based on aim or game sense.
I played w one who averaged 50-60% and he said its just his thing, and he did play guardian only, his aim was calm and hit headshots all the time… plus he was like a high level so i doubt it was a smurf, noone would have the will to grind on an alt since ep3 or smtn every act till now
To be honest, when you’re dead you give information, not commands. Let someone play their own game.
This is because you have very high MMR. What does your RR gains and losses look like on average?
Great… so let me remake…..
Seriously people not realizing they're just a product believing this stuff.

I don't think almost any new agent that's come out in a bit has been S tier or "broken". 

It's just the communities understanding the second they see something new to assume its insanely broken as people said for Deadlock.
I should have probably been more specific but in CS the way it works is a damage threshold, not actually full kills. The earlier in the round the damage happens (eg. right after buy phase ends) the more severe the penalty, because it's less likely to accidentally molly a teammate right after everyone starts to move.
Wait but does the clove death, if she ults, count as a death, even if you get a kill and survive at the end of the round?
"I used to do well with a dedicated role, now I've broadened my role selection and do worse. It must be the monitor!"

A better monitor will help, sure, but you're really blaming something unrelated after making a change here...
They need to get rid of the succ delay at least (not at the very start of the round, just how fast it activates generally off rip). Astra is just too boring to play especially compared to clove, which is the reason I think it’ll still be a few seconds before a buff. Clove is yet to properly see time in the competitive light.
They weren’t expecting plot armour 🤪
you can’t be serious lol
Did they not change that a while ago? You should be able to go full speed and not be heard unless you're at either end of it. If you're in CT spawn you're not able to hear it anymore, correct? Thought they changed that a while back.
Use your critical thinking skills, I believe in you
I should play judge more often
I know they'd be good for me, but I want to play the game and have fun while improving, and not turn it into a chore. I don't even like to DM. If I want to practice my aim, I hop into casuals. This way I can practice my aim and my aim positioning in actual scenarios, like peeking an angle already pre-aimed at the right spot.
That knife animation into tp behind killjoy looked sick af.
HARRYDIDYAPUTYERNAMEINTHEGOBLETOFFIRE!?!?!?!
nice clutch man I am trying to get a beta key but no luck
fracture 😔
He probably just got it as a cool-looking tattoo, a lot of people do that from what I see.
Everyone agrees with what you say but being brutally honest, rito doesn’t care and it’s probably never gonna be implementes
Wait does ult heal you? Ngl been mainly playing iso the past week or so and never noticed
"killed their Omen" in case you're serious lol.
To much clutter on the ground and trying to pick up items like spike vandal and shorty all at once would suck
Interesting. I agree
Kuronami vandal
Still clean with the spray. Good aim
big egos, throwers, and assholes are all present in immo1-2

only the best of the best get to appreciate consistent, decent teammates who want to win
Official valorant Twitter made a move with posting the gameplay. 


https://twitter.com/VALORANT/status/1771809363256074317
you may not be able to mute the com itself but you can mute all voice lines by muting „Voice-over volume“ in your sound settings, which implies those coms
I suggest you set "Keep Player Centered" to off in settings so the whole map is visible on screen. It's an advantage when you can see what's happening on the other side of the map.
Ok dont take this personal, and u urself are the exeption in exactly this game, but in my opinion, Astra as a controller in low ranks is just not the play. The mental focus u have to use to get good util will detract from ur aim and awareness. 

Im not telling u to stop playing astra if u like playing her. At the end of the day idc.

Im just saying picking up omen or brim will probably improve (in the long run, once ur at least somewhat understanding of their util) ur fragging and teamplay. 

This is just my thoughts, i hve no way to back these claims up.
Controller because no one else does and so I can blame the duelists when we lose lol
Another example of Riot not protecting their players. I'm old AF and I play this game, it's shameful how people speak to each other, I get it, it's the internet,but sometimes it really crosses the line and something has to be done.
It's responsibility. Most play games to escape responsibilities, not pick one up
Cross map TPs ?

He can only teleport at a distance of 13meters away from his rendezvous marker.

Some of the only good places to use chamber on lotus would be placing the TP in  A Link and playing outside the entrance of A main or the common C Mound Angle 


Yorus the only one who can do cross map TPs for free ( with help of some easy lineups )

Only thing chamber has on Yoru teleports would be the speed of teleports.


Chamber used to be incredibly good but he’s super situational now , I can see him being useful on Icebox though with its focus on verticality which fits the way chamber has been changed.
i think it would have to be one or the other because that’s just straight clearing free corners with nothing they can do and it’s a free plant
At lower ranks, additional health goes a long way. People in lower ranks take 4 hits to kill, they aren’t one tapping.
36 isnt even that much, probably just a way higher rank than you.
To br fair if I don't want an old battle pass spray I'll just use it for the agent gear
bro playing on 24 fps

This makes it 10x more impressive
Like 5 nerfs.
i think kj and raze would really slap, kj was pretty broken for the first week especially the mollies and beta raze with 2 nades was absurd
You all look like valorant players
I think this is great except maybe bring it down to 60 instead of 40 so it’s 2 vandal shots.
I like listening to music when playing TDM/DM, but once I queue competitive I turn it off
Gotta give riot credit where credit is do, they really brought it to console and it looks solid. Something CS decided to not pursue i guess? 

Riot is also catching xims off rip. Amazing work.
No one chose to ruin his career,people just stopped watching.
too hard to understand for most,there are easier and more reliable controllers,and breach requires teamwork which is hard to see on lower ranks. but if you like playing him, go ahead! good breach mains can not only support team, but at the same time annoy and tilt opponents,which will make winning easier.

GLHF!
3400 elo faceit, I can already imagine how dominant ur mech was on the lower rank 😨

how do one get out of Ascendant? Do you have any struggle on that rank?
if you're gonna rotate maps at least leave them all in unrated, or have a seperate unrated queue for "reserve" maps if you will.
You’re reloading too often. You had 18 bullets after killing jett and died to sova because of the reload. I have the same habit of clicking reload after every kill.
Asking this question is a good sign that you’re on the right track to improving. 

First, always take suggestions like that from teammates in your Elo with a grain of salt. You know very little about the game (which is perfectly okay for your rank), so remember, your teammates are in the same boat. 

Second, Omen Ult should be used however you feel comfortable using it. And you’re on the right track that it’s better to use it as soon as you see a good opportunity. 

In general, I recommend AGAINST saving util or planning for something that requires a fuckup or misplay from your team. Thats suboptimal and you want to maximize the usefulness of your Ult. 

If you have it available in that situation, by all means go for it, but ults have the most value when they’re used as often as you can. Don’t throw them away just to use them, but don’t save them for 3 rounds on the off chance your team fucks up. 

Let’s say you’re in that situation, odds are, it’s a near-unwinnable situation even with the ultimate to get spike. It’s not efficient to save omen Ult for what should rarely happen if your team is playing intelligently.
Off topic but the amount of kids in ranked instalocking clove knowing nothing about smokes is crazy
Also Astra's gauntlet
You should’ve just closed your eyes
Unrelated but Reyna came to help you fight the guy then you just let him fight by himself, just swing with him lmao
Peak Iron aim
I'm from EU so naturally I play every game on EU servers ... Except Valorant. I play NA because I have a lot of friends that play, but also because last time I tried EU it was genuinely unbearable sometimes lol.
Try to remember that you're facing the same level or lack of coordination on the other team.

If you aren't confident filling, don't. It's better to have everyone playing agents they know then to have a good team comp.

I've not had the same experience with rising toxicity. Don't get me wrong, there's a lot of it, but I haven't noticed a significant increase. How exactly has your rank fluctuated since 2020? Could it be that you're just experiencing lower elo lobbies?
Probably some Reyna main who thought they were the greatest player known to man.

Reyna mains will never change. If you're a kind Reyna main, I salute you.
Hey can you make a map with the  bomb site D?
Thanks
a fate worse than death
If it secures you the round, then no its not a waste. Just because it gets you a kill, doesn't mean it's not a waste. Like if you're stuck in a situation where your only way out is to dash and updraft knife, then it's good. But jf you have other options to win but you decide to just run out and jett knife, even if its a kill, it's a waste
Nah, the accent is indeed horrible. I play the game in english since i installed it and I had no clue about her origin, until I read something about her at the website. Since then its kinda cringe. 
The german voice actor is franziska friede - and she does a great job…
My guess is (and this ultra applies to me), destroying it signals aggression, and I want all my kills to be when the enemy is looking the opposite way twiddling their thumbs.

You are correct though, destroy it ASAP and you're good
I muted enemy chat and half my anger went away
The reason prices are often high af in places like Argentina (or Turkey) is that people from other countries abuse regional pricing to get a cheaper deal by buying with argentinian currency instead of their own one, which makes the company profits lower, which encourages the companies to raise prices in those regions so high abusing regional pricing isnt worth the hassle anymore, at the cost of the people that actually live in those places
Dangit - I’m dying over here, I can never hear that voice line the same way
Overwatch has the feature but it is limited to 3 slots.
you are not the bad kind of silver, if you fix some simple things you will rise very fast i believe.
Lots of reasons. Bronze players are bronze for a reason. 

That said, I think a factor that often goes unmentioned is the lack of confidence in mechanics. Lots of low rank players absolutely hate fighting.

I've partied up with Iron/Bronze players who usually vaguely understand the right play, but when the right play involves taking a gun duel, even one that should be advantageous for them, they subconsciously run away and try to do some other weird, high risk thing instead because they'd do just about anything than depend on their aim.
I think it’s bad too. U are dead peaking into a vandal round 3. I rather buy a guardian also
Plus in my elo most of the players miss their shots anyways lol.
this has to be a meme
he's here to groom the kids in your next match
It’s really just this. Skill helps but when you get someone angry it’s lost. Immortal players are efficient throwers
Try the Guardian.
If you have played cypher long enough, you would know that there is a small audio cue just before it goes, or u can memorize the time and play like that
Keep playing, don't be too hard on yourself and learn to enjoy the game. Always remember that the rank displayed on your profile is just an icon
one time i tried to uninstall it they took me to the back and shot me in the leg
the amount of times I've been teamkilled by a phoenix in comp...
I’ve got 100 hours and I’m diamond, I too have the same question. Do putting in more hours also consequentially help grow in rank? Does the raw skill of aimlabs transfer in game?
Brim for being Chad
And Yoru for the drip
Im ascendant and consider myself mid at best.

So on a personal level immo2+ is high.

From a wider perspective.

Id say mid gold is where 'mid elo' starts and asc is where high elo starts but its all a bit arbitrary
I did the same and my aim is trash but it's still the same game... I can still hang in the same lobbies (mid-diamond) and can still win. Aim isn't everything.
How did raze satchel into that corner that fast..
The nerf just work if other people break , other wise you can teach them about gravity
Wtf that’s a thing I could never
Or it might be caused by shitty ping or packet loss
That was wild
Breeze is ok.

 Icebox needs another rework. 

- 50 HS angles for A

- mid to B for B post-plant flanks is impossible for defenders to clear

- that tube window just makes mid so much worse. It’s a goddamn rats nest now rotating through CT.

- these stupid metal fences that block headshots [https://i.imgur.com/yndMhjD_d.webp?maxwidth=760&fidelity=grand](https://i.imgur.com/yndMhjD_d.webp?maxwidth=760&fidelity=grand)
Genuinely an insane change that they did, honestly not understandable.
Even in pro play, B post plant is the most vexing thing to watch, where you just smoke off and spam. I at least think Breeze is fun to watch in pro play (good map for yoru/op/flashes) but yeah it is such a pain to play.
But you said guess the rank… and i said plat, why dwell on what i said after?
So you keep logging in every day to check. And if you log in, you’re likely to play. And if you play, the numbers look good.
No, they're just goated and those are bots.
>100% cheating

>shooting through smokes with odin

I know cheaters exist but man at least have a better example
That's just spectre
You can use the right click, switch to sidearm and fast back to instantly right click again. Its a bit slower than left clicking, but long term does more dmg (works against deadlock wall) but im not sure if its enough for sage
Do DM like this:

- Pretend you are in a regular match. Whenever you spawn, go "take site"

- Once on site, pretend you are "defending site"

- Repeat ad-infinitum
Favorite: Ascent. I'm a Sova main, I know a miriad of lineups for this map.

Least Favorite: Split. Way too many choke points, too ct sided.
Who hurt you.
They want people to outright buy the character instead of grinding for it. Which I'd wager plenty of people will.
Yeah rank reset should at most be to the first level of their last rank. Plat 3 to plat 1 for example. Like why the fuck did I spend 60+ hours grinding every day after work to get to plat 3. Just to have to spend 40 more hours to get back to the same fucking rank EXCEPT this time I have to do the whole grind against plat 3/diamonds. Fucking ridiculous. If they want to push immortals out just reset everyone immortal 1+ back to immortal 1. 

Fuck the rank reset its insane.
meme? it’s a genuine analysis
>Where are they hiding ?

In my lowplat soloq ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Ahhhh, that makes sense. I don’t own it 😂
Not sure why this is getting downvoted. This is where it comes from originally. Makes sense people most players/content creators came from CS
How about we stop assuming every player who does good is a Smurf, and then start spending that time and energy on improving urself??

Just a thought :)
Its fair because we used to get nothing, now we get something.
All my experience I had with sage was : If Someone askes for heal one of the two things will happen :

1. The person will get immediately going to fight before the heal finishes and die instantly 
2. I gonna get one tapped on the way to heal the guy because the ally who was looking the angle I died isn't capable of looking an angle 

Healing is overrated and rarely affects the fights
reminds me of when i saw faker go 0/3 on akali during worlds.

as an akali play, you bet your ass i said i was better than faker at every chance i got
cuz you play unranked. If your enemies are not fun to play against, you just ff. Why have a bad time when you can just avoid it?
Which is such a bad argument to make by them. New players who start right now won’t have any idea how to play pearl/fracture or something and when they do rotate back in they’ll have an even harder learning curve when people make established callouts and stuff
This is quite pathetic of him. He's a decent coach, but of course he has to be a 'radiant coach' cause it brings in the views. Well clearly he's not radiant.
My favorite games have been having a chill team that goes “Everybody Odin!” as a last ditch effort/just for fun.
You misread, his smokes are 5 units bigger and the placement UI was tweaked so that it doesn't indicate the incorrect smoke placement.

I don't think it's a balance change, it's meant to address discrepancies between what was clicked/shown and what happened.
No, that's a wall
you guys are 4 friends try to have fun
I mean this clearly would indicate a flawed system right?
Sorry, I wasn't clear, what I meant is u will always spend more to clear awp than rifle, thats my point. U util dump, risk lives, or give space against awp much more than against a rifle. And iv been rad with 1.35+ kd since ep 5 lol and on both acc too.
Is it because he likes to... Azizt?
It means don't always wait for your team to take fights first. You know the smurfing Reyna on the other team? That guy gets more kills because he takes more fights. He's not always going to sit back, wait for smokes to clear, and just rotate the whole game. If you use utility like flashes, stuns, or vulnerables and don't even peek off of it, what's even the point?
Skye changes (13.0)
• choosing Skye selects deadlock
400€ and i dont even play this game anymore...
If there was an act where the only thing they did was remove Reyna, it would still be the best act ever.
I'm in Korea and play half my matches on Hong Kong and half on Tokyo.

I speak fluent English and sound American and I have experienced litterally zero racism or trolling on Tokyo servers?

Tokyo servers has the least amount of inters too.

I really disagree with your statement
Its honestly not a chamber issue. Its how you approach an operator. If you know the chamber likes to sit on long angles, dont peek those angles. Get info with your kay/o knife and stay out of his line of sight.

The closer you get to chamber, the easier he is to kill, as his kit is primarily to counter long range engagements.

 Im 100% positive every player with more than 10 hours has experienced this: you see a teammate get op'd, and the guy next in line will holds the walk key up until they get op'd in the exact same way. Then your stuck 3v5 in A main getting flooded by util from the rotating and flanking defenders. I call these people magnet brained. They hear one gunshot, and B line to the best angle, just to get shot by the guy he now calls a camper cause he wasnt thinking about anything other than his kill. Dont be a magnet brained player and think you HAVE to commit to a duel, just because you have info. The game isnt about killing your opponent or having a high hs %.. Its about outlasting them. As an attacker and a defender.
Pretty much all Sage's lines. 

*"You are a boulder, I am a mountain!"*

Wow Sage, very clever.

*"The blossom wavers in strong wind. Yet I am no flower."*

Uuuhbgkgbfhgkkngg, STAHP. You are not a writer!

And then she has a batch of the least interesting, most basic, unoriginal lines of all time like:

*"Look at me, and know that I am by your side."*

*"I know what must be done."*

*"Prepare yourselves. We fight once again."*

And worst of all:

*"Stand tall. We are Valorant. We are fighters!"*
Since some people were worried, I opened a ticket, I will update you when I have an update .  
[https://ibb.co/yyzKRtc](https://ibb.co/yyzKRtc)
It is just straight up smurfing and boosting but riot doesnt care beyond saying they do for their image.
Controller mains 💔
They really do get two ults I'm not denying that, you can see the enemy interact with both of them. But the core problem was probably some type of lag this isn't something you could reproduce easily or on purpose.
Why even add and remove maps just keep all the maps in ranked. There are not many maps in this game anyway.
Buying this on a half-buy or even an eco round would kill someone with Vandal+Light Armor. I don't think it'll change the meta too much considering it's $2400. But maybe some teams will buy this instead of an OP? Either way, nice to see Riot trying to add more variety to the meta thru guns and not just agent additions/balancing & map rotations.
Yeah, they’re referencing the common blustering of teenage boys who claim to have a girlfriend at another school to look cool in front of the boys, even if she does not actually exist. 

They were specifically responding to the part where you said Woohoojin claims to have a Radiant account (which he refuses to show and says he have no VODs or proof of its existence even though he’s able to produce VODs of games from his Silver days) and accusing Woohoojin of lying about this Radiant account, equating this (in my opinion) nonexistent Radiant account to a theoretical teenage boy’s nonexistent girlfriend.
It's better than the guardian in the sense of eco rounds. When you need to save your money it's good to have a mini guardian in your pocket, or if you can only afford a spectre/stinger and want to play a long range fight, then you can use it. It's just a good tool to have on him.

I asked a similar question and got alot of good responses / tips on chamber, check it out of you have any questions: https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/19dkbkp/is\_chamber\_considered\_a\_trollpick/
I couldn't find that voice line, do you have a link?
Do I need it? No. Do I want cute pets on my vandal that helps me reload? Hell YEAH
Play comp with me. You'll be bronze in notime
Unfortunately yeah, you'll get really chill nice lobbies reasonablynoften but that's absolutely the norm
to me, no ability would make sense on any other agent.

that might be because i already have so much time sunk in this game.

but pheonix without his flash makes no sense to me. idk
"I better focus on real opponents"
Pen is mightier than the sword so as long as you are roasting the other team’s bottom frag while still alive, it’s probably the best thing you can do. Also, it would be kind of rude to just come in from the side and interrupt a good fight. Maybe flash your teammate so he knows you are there.
If you want to get better There might be some core issues with your gameplay or even setup that causes you to be ranked this low. But if you don't care then do whatever lets you have fun, Comparison can kill joy.
I can’t play ranked without friends haha even tho I want to try solo queuing. But that’s because I’m a girl and terrified of commsing without backup.
mexican. green hair. looks like slim shady....shit has never made sense to me.
The thing about Reyna is that she USED to be able to get souls from bots, I explicitly remember doing the spike defuse as Reyna and getting the souls and everything until one update stopped it, don’t remember which one but
Bronze player calling each other trash while being in bronze will never not be mesmerizing
Welp somebody clearly has issues😂
RGX katana
>cured cancer

Shh, they're gonna send Iso after you if you keep talking about that.
Yeah that’s a smoke I throw on retake lol
Yo are you queued up with a pack of hyenas by any chance?
It would be cool to see it in the shop the way we see drift in Jett's :)
Guaranteed you’re playing for kills not for round wins
If you kill someone and they didn’t break the shield, it refreshes the duration after initiating. But if the shield was broken and you kill someone, you have to shoot the orb to get the shield back and refresh the duration like before.

Basically they made it less situational overall while making it stronger when snowballing and being able to properly engage duels at the start of rounds. Iso was the only duelist with no way to set up duels in his favor off rip. 

The wall was good for taking space but didn’t inherently assist with creating favorable gunfights, mostly isolating angles The vulnerable played more like initiator utility that required your team to follow up rather than yourself unless you used specific tech with the wall. The shield now lets Iso start engagements with less risk involved.

[Riot Penguin did an interview with Plat Chat to give more insights on all the changes.](https://youtu.be/gmrgL9OqN8o?si=ZUesFij_v-Gjul6f)
Super fast Chamber OP. TWO TRIPS with no distance and TWO TPS with crazy range
Never seen Viper?
most kind r/valorant commenter
seen a lot of ppl be on the extreme sides here. yes , this does showcase how much of a change it is, but most of the examples arent realistic. think about how often u have been on the last mag of a gun, not that often. i personally know that if ive been on last mag (before nerf) i have spammed, SO MUCH.

i just hope it wont make a problem in terms of util. sage wall, kj turret / ult. cove, doors on ascent, overall a lot of smokes... u cant just not shoot ur gun either. i hope it wont be to little ammo for normal general use. i personally dont want to see agent balance done now due to lower ammo.
Getting downvoted for no reason this is the epitome of Reddit
Prelude to Chaos for me. I completely fail to understand how kuronami feels sharp and snappy to others. To me it sounds and feels squishy and light, it makes me want to spray the enemy down. I really don't get it guys..
Based on your responses, I don't think you're here to find out if you were baiting or not, this is just a post for validation. But you weren't baiting.
Yeah so unless it's a kill on jett it doesnt really count
I've played few comp games yesterday in US-east and I can promise y'all it isn't any better over here
It’s what Odin was made for lol
That discord server honestly sucks. Bad mods, toxic people, weird guys, etc. I've also heard a lot of people say the same, not just my personal experience.
stop reloading
Tattoos glow when he uses them, could be seen as radiant.
1. Players just wanna go in and shoot
2. Planter dies while planting spike and players hate dying since they don't get to play the game

Personally I love to take spike and plant it unless I lurk (playing as cypher and omen, maybe chamber). We get money, i get an utl orb and I don't need to focus on shooting (since I suck).
Droppen a smok
> I survived the Spike?!

The thingy that blocks one instance of damage saved you.
You have training with fake scenarios where you defuse of plant a bomb.
Yeah but none of this matters in Gold. Play what you're comfortable with
Riot is actually listening. What are we supposed to post about now?

I'm not used to this type of treatment.
careerttv made a tiktok about it. they just took all the info from it and posted it here.
Its good if they can at least communicate why they aren't able to make one right now. 
Of course you confirm the skin gives you aim bot AFTER the budle leaves the shop
Honestly a lot of cheaters are the ones who are pretty skilled already, across games. I don't fully understand the reason but it feels like thats how it plays out
Reyna has the highest ein rate at all ranks. that's why she can't be buffed
Should show ping next time
This ult is still a bit buggy, but never when it hits me.
My friend used R for walk and right alt for reload lol
difficult to play + no neuron activation for using her abilities

is she strong? yeah. does that make playing her feel like anything less than chewing chalk? no. that’s why I leave it to the masochists in Ascendent+
The percentage is not that high, but really not that low. Some of them play in a five-stack, in which the other 4 knows what to do and let the clueless dude just go kill and do whatever. 

When you dont have to plant, dont have to smoke, dont have to scan site, out-aiming the enemy should be all it takes
It’s baffling that his ult- a “superior” weapon- lost this in the first place.
what the fuck is ur sens
i am not reading all of that
Nah he’d probably just place a clone at work and stay home to watch the game.
Meh, it’s just a sign the other team is tilted. Take the compliment and move on.
Chamber honestly got some nice buffs. 

The trip range increase is pretty big, it will give you a lot more options on where you can play while still being in active range, and for some maps this means being able to more effectively watch flank. The arm speed being cut in half was a much needed change, it was ridiculous how long it took for the the trip to activate, and it’s now more in line with activation times with similar trap utility from Cypher and Killjoy. 

The rendezvous change is interesting, not a buff I expected but a welcome one. It makes sense though, since Chamber’s teleport distance is much shorter than what it used to be, it’s better for him to be more ready for the next engagement and not be so vulnerable. 

The ult fire rate increase is not a change I expected either but I think it’s necessary. With it being an 8 point ult it makes sense for it to be more powerful, and currently it does feel a little lacking. I think a simple fire rate increase is a good change. 

Time will tell if this is enough for Chamber. IMO I think he still needs a few more changes, like a reduced recall cooldown on his trip for example. The changes in this patch are definitely a step in the right direction though.
You literally lose on purpose by playing with glaceon, i mean how stupid can you be?
10 mans after we got tired of the map pool💀
Haven’t played in a while but hasn’t that basically been the game since Reyna came out? Same for Neon iirc
I can tell u (from expirience) as an older brother, he loves u deep down in their soul but he "hates" u cuz thats how bros work. Competition to the max
part of it is because they want to reinforce/balance her role as a "sentinel controller". the only other controller with a molly is brim, and brim is mostly oriented for execs rather than post plant. hence his ult and molly is good for post plant, because everything else isn't (his stim beacon is for execs, and because his smokes don't refresh it's also oriented for execs).

i guess they wanted to keep that sort of consistency. if she chooses to have her defensive (antiretake) setup for post plant, you can't also have lineups. and if you choose to have lineups, you have to settle with a more exec oriented smoke setup and function more as an executing controller like brim.
I cried Silver tears rewatching the missed sprays
Broooo lol
It will be back. 
Also it is called night market. 
Black market is a name of a  skinline that was released recently.
For me the transition was very easy. I was shit at cs and now im shit at valorant
Buying when you win pistol
Brimstone. At first glance, super bland, super boring. Now he’s my main. Reason is because he’s the king of stalling. Stalling on defense, stalling for post-plant, etc.
He plugs that pic of him with Andrew Tate every chance he gets lol. mad incel vibes for sure
If your team mates are having to resort to this to get you to go in,  you should probably look in the mirror and ask why they have to work so hard to get you to do basic team work.
Valorants a toxic game and I’ll be completely honest, I think most players that have been around the block learn to enjoy the hate, vitriol and malding. Whilst I agree on many levels it’s a part of the game not going away without more policing of coms (anything around racism, sexism etc should obviously have repercussions). Otherwise being called trash will happen to you even if you made it to immortal lol
If you don't buy, you're letting the opponents a chance to fight evenly. That's really bad. Your 4K hours in CSGO is correct. What ranks are you playing at?
a lot more people will actually play unrated now and realize the game is not just tryharding and malding
Isn't game pass alone cheaper than 1000vp?
Oh I didn't know he made a vid like that, I'll take a look thanks
I wish I got 6 months severance the last time I got laid off. Where do I sign up?!?!
loud stomping in deathmatch is good. loud stomping swinging the most common angle in ranked is bad. you seem to be going in before your team uses util. wait for your initiator to flash or find someone, then go. definitely wait till smokes are there so there’s less angles.
Your issue is your taking fair fights. You can have the aim of a potato but if the other person is blind and you’ve come from behind them you will win 8/10 times, I recommend watching wohoojin on YouTube or twitch as his vid reviews will help you more than just aim trying ever will. If I had to give you just some overarching advice though, I’d say you need to use flashes/ call for flashes more, you need to stop drypeaking corners period, and you shouldn’t walk into areas alone where people can come from multiple directions.
Michael Jackson came back for this, and i love it.
Yeah but trust me it's effecting you like 20 is crazy low
"Sovas ult shoots 3 times so let's push after the second one" -some random
Funny, I played Icebox earlier against a Yoru who knew so many lineups that I wanted to scream and insult him. 
Guns that use positioning instead of aim are kinda in a weird place with buffs/nerfs bc the balance tips so easily and it becomes broken (ex old bucky, shorty)
Can I get it without the terrible motion blur?
Yuki would def be the guy raging in lobbies hahah
It's so funny hearing someone say "literally unplayable" unironically... But yeah it is this guy is playing on sticky note frames
I couldn't agree more.
But yes having yellow control means someone can hold snowman and kitchen for you.
brim stim and sova dart that fool and watch him go! (idk if brim stim works on him but it'd be funny)
Could you put a classic inside a bag

so we all know about the classic gun right?? ive been thinking tho could you put a classic inside a bag like a duffel bag or a tote bag? since its small I don’t think anyone would suspect that you have a classic literally inside your bag!!!!
This is me.
Not a good idea, because it is a tool which forte is making enemy unsure where exactly exec will come (at least at times) and general mindgames
If you keep playing youll eventually get put in the rank you deserve
It’s like saying ‘why are people in the gym more fit than people in other places’. It’s to be expected
sounds like you need to work on your crosshair placement. unbinding is fine. but if you’re shooting above their heads your crosshair is in the wrong place regardless
Brim should be every lazy duelist main's fill agent. Throw your util, run in second, kill. EZ
34, Asc II player. Feels good to know that a large chunk of these edgy youngsters have nothing on me 😂
Yes waiting for all 4 is really good.

And Kayo was simply stunned "What's happening here?"
I was gonna say, why does it really matter to the point where one would quit? I play for fun, try my best in comps and hope for a rank up, but I really don't give that much of a shit.
It is possible that OP is actually playing Valorant during these off-hours they speak of, but are somehow forgetting. One common explanation for this kind of memory loss is carbon monoxide poisoning, which can occur if their CO detector hasn't been maintained and they've allowed CO levels in in their living space to reach dangerous levels. 

[Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/34l7vo/comment/cqvrdz6/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) is a commonly referenced reddit thread where this actually happened.
nvm found another post way back and the comments boiled down to" bcs it's easy to use and get kills with it" and" some ppl think that if ur not using vandal or phantom ur trash" No wonder i couldn't understand what i did wrong bcs there's no actual logical reason behind it
Took me a hot minute to get rid of that habit if I’m being honest. “Oh boy, free KDA!“ quickly turned into, “Of COURSE the other three sat on that one guy I got…” Been better about since about the third time it blew up in my face.
So you call everything league related shit, but haven’t experienced the majority of league related things? Makes sense
Lol nice shots. It seems that you like the inspect
Same in Polish, but idk if they even try to fake the accents
S2? based on the amount of dry peaking and your auto crouch habit
Glory to the CCP!

/s
Im sorry, but if hes like this my recommendation is just play unrated with him, and find a new duo for ranked
I had him on my team a few times and holy crap his mechanics were terrible. I like the strats he calls but his individual decision making was awful. Tbh he just needs to think less and shoot more.
Radiant in 60hz is genuinely incredible good shit dude
I mean I guess but in low elo most games really just come down to which team hits their shots anyways. If you're stuck in bronze or something and stressing about the finer points of Viper tech you're focusing on the wrong things IMO.
but please how long it can take
Why does when people hit crazy flicks in Breeze it's always near the pyramids? And always near that box.
Only if bomb is down.
It is more difficult to hold site as a defender when halls is open. If halls is thought of as an entrance, then there's a total of 5 entrances. That's a lot of openings and using util to hold halls is gonna make your defense on site slightly weaker. One other thing I hate is that if you hold halls, you can't really help your teammates on site that well either because the wall is blocking your view and you need to jump down and go to stairs to help unless enemies come from mid to double door. I think it's because Breeze is such a large map that 5 entrances itself make it more troublesome than normal to defend because you can't punish enemies for pushing your sentinel util. So ops are mandatory on Breeze.

This is just an opinion not a pro advice
bug, reyna's shield was ignored for some reason
This is the only time on this subreddit I’ve seen a clip and really thought that there’s a wood tier out there
0 shot you are new lmao
I did report him and got a nice little pup up saying he got a penalty.
I would also say that joining a just-for-fun team that's just looking to improve as players and play in premier or discord tournaments can be good for anyone looking to improve. It helped me with the biggest climb of my val ranked career and helped me understand what it actually takes to improve, not just what I initially thought would make me better
thank you!
I don't know why people can't just take encouragement or suggestions. The other day I told my team to just pick up the Ghosts at the end of a pistol round after I died, and one guy goes like "we know how to play". He didn't say it aggressively, but I obviously just meant it as a friendly reminder rather than a patronizing command.
Do most people learn in automatics? I thought most learn in manuals and that makes it easier to pick up automatics later on as you don’t need to relearn bad habits
That was a good one.

* New Executive Producer - Andy. Anna will lead Valorant at studio level, Andy will focus on the game with dev team.
* New Map Pool with 8.11 - Breeze and Split out, Haven in.
* Role Diversity - talking about why nerfing is their approach to balancing the game to prevent power creep.
* Balance changes - focus on duelist roles.
   * Raze -  Satchel mobility to be nerfed
   * Iso - shield to be adjusted
   * Neon -  slide to be adjusted
   * Reyna - changes will focus on improving pro play.
* Cosmetics
   * Design goal is to make sure everyone has atleast one skin that alludes to their personal style and taste.
   * Talking about Mystbloom and how they gave the community the "pink skin" they wanted.
   * Outlaw skin to be expected in a few months.
* Replay System
   * Been in the works for a long time.
   * Footage of of a free cam view from a **prototype** replay system. Nowhere near launch
   * Challenges: Game was built from ground up to maximize performance and online competitive integrity. Replays introduce new requirements that are not present in normal games. The scenarios in Valorant were not planned up front. There are a lots of issues with maps, abilities, weapons and audio visual issues to be dealt with, and introduce a lots of defects. Couple of examples: Ascent door interaction visual bug. Brim smoke timing animation inaccurate. Each of the thousands of assets need to be audited for correctness in the replay system without breaking anything in the real game, so they are trying to make it as accurate as possible. **They are working on it.**
The only thing ridiculous is that you car so much. It's been like a week. Even he has said it's going to take months if not a year. 

I don't understand why people care so much. Hate watching is one of the dumbest things I've ever seen someone do. If you don't like him, don't support him. Pretty simple. 

He's going to have ups and downs on his climb like we all do. Just chill. Whether he makes it or not doesn't impact you at all. Just live.
Ads bulldog will burst so if you place it on their neck it will burst and end with a headshot that kills them even on full shield. If done well it could even take out an iso with shield
melee looking like a kpop light stick
I like to think I have pretty good balance
And here I am wishing it was possible to play any map at any time. Fuck me, right?
Making these decision based on pro play scene is dumb AF since they're maybe like 1% of the player base. Everyone else including me is sick and tired of the current map pool.
Yep these guys aren't exaggerating. 20ks unplayable. 60 at the very absolute minimum for games like this. Ideally at least double. But unstable sub 60 is laggy inputs, tons of blur and lots of missed shots for no reason other than bad performance
Skins are always un upgraded in 3rd person. They are just model swaps, nothing extra. This won't have a poking out blade the same way the Blade of the Ruined King doesn't show as 6ft long in 3rd person.
Yeah he did 0 whole damage to her and she still didn't die, cmon!
I have 1000+ hours and still haven't gotten past bronze soo....
A fun way to fix chamber would be buffing his ult, making it bust through iso shields, making it do 250 damage, enough to kill through any wall.
I don't understand people who complain about iso. He was the worst agent in the game before the patch. Nothing, absolutely nothing has changed. They just allowed him to activate one shield without needing a kill and it refreshes after two kills. It's a loud shield and it's easy to break. You can even spray it first before tapping him. 

The biggest issue I have with people complaining is saying that his ult is too hard to win against. Like excuse me? Did you want the ult to be a disadvantage to iso? Do you see a fair 1v1 when raze pulls out her ult? Let iso have his moment.
I think she is alive, some people have said that she is dead, but a lot of people are saying different things. I think we haven't gotten confirmation if she is alive or not. All we got is the quote; 

"If you want results, we need that souls." 

So mind you, it could  be that her sister is alive, but on life support.
Yup it’s gone, you only get one shot at doing it
I’m panicking too much to aim, let alone swap weapons lol.
I assume that some of them think, it's better to fill than go for a confort pick, they put team comp into a way higher importance than it should be, and since they are not confortable with their pick they will either not play their role correctly or they will go bot frag since they are focused so much on their spells
Abyss A site defence. All the attackers push and I spray. 5 second ace
jynxi the goat
I see alot of complaints about ranked but i just dont see it in my rank games guess im lucky or its all blown out of proportion. Rareley people are toxic/ throwing and i dont notice smurfs enough that its a problem.
Good question. I think its just a random cute mouse plush that started to become part of his brand overtime
More apt than ironic no
yeah in tdm and dm you peak every single angle expecting at least 1 person. In ranked you have hardly any idea where any enemy is after 10 seconds. Also this is exactly why info is king as you get higher. Whether it’s comms or initiators. Knowing if an enemy is there makes a bigggg difference in performance.
It’s difficult to take good conclusions from very situational weapons like the Ghost in comparison to the sheriff; at first glance, you could conclude that it’s much better than the sheriff as the KDA/credit is much better. Then you realize at almost all points in the game, the ghost is only bought at round 1. Nearly no one eco buys it (in general, regardless if you are a unique individual who buys it otherwise), while the sheriff is almost ubiquitous in a low buy or eco, rounds that have an awful statistical disadvantage and yet it still pulls a respectable KD/credit ratio. This could conclude that the Sheriff could be even better than what many already think of it even.
Grim walls are generally aggressive walls, walls used to pick people off at awkward angles. These are usually made / used by the youtuber grimm and are sage walls, not viper walls. Are you sure they meant you?
There's an ascendant coach that made a pretty good guide to icebox. Check it out
https://youtu.be/RiEtwcYCK88?si=zlmehLkKecjcnLtb
Have a good day kind sir. Hope we get more people like you, chill and open-minded. All these "political" bubbles on social media these days can be at each others' throat too much. Hard to breathe.
What do you mean by this exactly?
Pretty much the same thing happened to me as well. First time I heard the pyramid being called boob I laughed for so long that by the time I stopped I had lost 21rr
Jetts have become a bird species with this map bro
Smoke , Stimulant , Molly , open up the skye , get's one tapped by the neon sliding from your ult
if you survive you get 1000 credits, not just 1000 less
The only thing I hate. Is the 10k credit limit. And the 1 week accessory refresh. If you give us cool credit system. I want to spend it.  I have all chars except deadlock. So I want to buy cosmetics. 1 week for trash cosmetics is too long.
new copypasta dropped
Based on lore, Omen has gone by several fake names that include John, Fred, Marcus, Yohan, and Dimitri, so maybe something along those? Some synonyms for the word "omen" also could work, like Harbinger, Augury, Foretoken, or Prophecy. Or you can try anagrams...? Omen can be rearranged into Nemo, Meno, Onem, Mone, etc... IDK DUDE GOOD LUCK. I still think u/criswaffletrader had the best response LMAO
You forgot to do the tenz 360 dash.
be nice
Nothing says I can handle a Karambit like stuff toys in the back ground.
Gekko is slowly becoming one of my favourite agents since I unlocked him. He has one of the most fun util I've seen.
3100 and 3400 are a major difference. 3100 is rifle no shield/ guardian or bulldog half shield and 3400 is rifle half. 

It really depends are you pushing for a win without OT or playing for OT. 

What’s the enemies money like, did you kill 4 and they’re also poor, is OT the goal, are you on attack or defense? 

I ask this way cus there is no golden rule to buying. It isn’t as simple as considering one factor and having an always do XYZ

Too many unknowns for a generic answer.
It is good to have a pool of a maximum of 4 agents. Ideally you want to pick an agent and stick to them but if the agent isn't great on the map you could have an alternate pick.

For example since I'm a Cypher main I usually lock him in on every map but on Icebox I prefer to go with KJ as her utility better fits that map.
Bro people complain that the defending team is camping when defending a site. Just kids veing dumb lol
Noooo why are kind strangers of Leddit downvoting me that's not very heckin holesome chungus
I dont know what I planned on using that teleporter for it was a bad decision that just worked out.
SYKE! thats the wrong numbah! 




Sorry couldnt resist with that typo.
Wdym bait, I've seen the guy play he's not lying
Who ordered the nothing burger? No content pipeline, leaks are the same day as releases (can we stop calling them leaks?). Nothing to look forward to.

  
Can we at least get a separation of outlines for inner and outer crosshairs? That would be an exciting feature.
You used all your util well. But make sure you check your corners more completely. There was a part where you exited the doorway from window, but didn't check the right side all the way before you found Reyna. You're lucky an enemy wasn't holding that angle. Another comment is to be careful that you don't place your TPs too close to your opponents. Your second TP was practically on Iso. It's so weird that he didn't destroy it or camp on it. Then again, his negligence is your win. Overall, excellent usage of Yoru's abilities.
Babe, wake up, a new copypasta dropped.

But in all seriousness, you really need to talk to him and show the error of what he’s doing.
If Woohoojin saw this he would be seething
I watch Shanks because of his washed gameplay
1st act is always an absolute mess. It’ll correct itself the more everyone plays
Why the VCT Kunai didn’t get these animations I’ll never understand
I know gyro is still a niche thing but it's very strange for a huge company like Xbox/Microsoft to not have it when they released the series x
bronze
So i posted this in a rush because i was excited of the discovery, now it's time for me to theorise!

First we can see the K logo of Kingston Omega (so the new map will be on Omega earth ?)

More than that we can see a hole on the site A that could be linked with the card where we can see Sage going down with a rope ([Underneath it all card](https://valorantinfo.com/player-cards/underneath-it-all-card)) (here's a [tweet](https://twitter.com/VALORANTLeaksEN/status/1763945393849573708) from [Valorant Leaks](https://twitter.com/VALORANTLeaksEN) talking about it) (?)

As for the others thumbnails we can see on the right the map location (here France)

Other than that it's quite hard to define the layout of the map with just this picture but people are already saying on Twitter it could be a vertical double site (just like Nuke in CS ?)  


>This post will be updated with new theories as the discussion goes
I still can't believe the new agent is an Initiator. Metal and thorns sound like the perfect power for a radiant Sentinel. Cover an area with metal thorns that deny entry. Still walkable but you take damage. Or traps that will envelop you with a metal thicket preventing movement that you have to break through or wait out, etc.

I'm just a sentinel lover that would love a new sent that is radiant. All of them are techs excluding Sage.
Utility issue. You’re a controller and you’re only contribution in this whole clip is a smoke heaven, which actually gets you a frag because you force the heaven player out onto the ledge which exposes them. You could have easily flashed that Sova, smoke’d the defender spawn entrance to B, and gotten that plant down. Maybe TP’d to the corner after and set up to watch the angle sova was about to peak.
This take the "RANDOM BULLSHIT, GO!!" meme quite literally.
If you have Xbox game pass, you can link it to your riot account and this will unlock all agents. Mountain dew has a promotion right now where you can get a month of game pass free: https://www.mountaindew.com/game-like-a-pro-with-mtn-dew/.
That's so weird. I'm also silver and very rarely have these issues. It happens, sure. Maybe 1 in 10 games at most. I do have mostly top tier skins. (RGX, glitchpop, reaver etc)

Central servers in US.
I mean it's kind of hard to relate when you're in the top 0.001% of players.
He's so in tune with his character. They're even saying the same things!
Straightest Valorant player
People used these kinda crosshairs to help with line ups. Usually it was bound to something so you could toggle it between your normal crosshair
"How warm is Harbor's water" ahh post
Yeah its just not a flashy role which means people think its boring for some reason as well as most people think the games all about kills and that controllers cant get kills for some reason.
> Realizes people were up in arms about Neon for no good reason.


Stage 1 of 2 complete.
He aced
I honestly don't think Clove is that individual oriented, not nearly as much as Reyna anyway. 

They can't lurk as well as Viper, Astra, or Omen, so they kinda need to be with the team to execute a site. Clove should be 1st or 2nd in line in the site execute because they can still smoke after dying, they have an overhead after a kill, and with ult they can self-rez.
Im so glad riot doesnt listen to the community lol
if you're a breach w full util in the clutch u already did something wrong
Blown away at how polished this feels on console. Never played before yesterday but I will gladly play this over siege any day.
Also, people are just generally getting better. Good analysis, though
Booting up val 🍌🫱🏻🫲🏻🖥️

Found out: it's really werid, like it blocks things, like the raze ult in the video, u can use it for Cypher camera but u can't stand on it u just fall immediately u don't even slide it.
These kind of posts remind me how bad I am with the lore in this game, for me it’s just superheroes who use guns 💀
That was a cool 5HP clutch and a really nice edit!
That’s just funny
So a sage needs to have ult preround, then you kill everyone other than her, then she revives one of her teammates. She then kills all of your teammates and grabs four ult orbs to revive someone else, you kill sage and the 2nd revived person and you get a 7k
Their anticheat easter egg.
Meh. I think it's healthy for the game. It punishes players that buy every single round and it's significantly less useful than something like the Bulldog or guardian against a full shield buy.

Yeah second round is harder for the loser team but they really should be full saving anyways in 90% of scenarios.
It's a beta, you're here to test the game before its official release, you're not here to train against people that is your level and become the best player
Every time replays are brought up, I get just a little bit more sad. Promised in the beta, and then never implemented. Here we are.
He wants the barista to not write "Owen" on his coffee
I’m coming up on 29 and I would pay monthly for an “off your parents insurance” queue.
Scissors being the girl😌
My guy adjust FOV in aimlabs to valorants FOV, guaranteed you forgot that. I forgot the exact number but it’s like 103 while aimlabs uses a much lower one
Oh cool, I hope they can come back from the dead and have smokes
Can you provide pictures?
A flash is niche? A Molly is niche? A smoke is niche? He has the most basic abilities possible.
Yes there is
this post is actually a masterclass in cryptic writing, no one can tell whether you're talking about yoru or omen lmao
I hope you keep getting nice teammates like these and keep enjoying the game.
Well i def have heared about some kids being really good at the game, most of the time because they dont need to grind school that much and have more free time, but getting asc is very impressive either way, especially if shes 13.  
Ascendant is top 5% so in a room of 100 random players your daughter would be better than 95 of them.

The best way to support her is to h**elp her achieve her goals**, whatever they may be.  
If she wants to get better at the game as a solo player find a professional coach.  
If she wants to compete when shes 16 ( min age for competition in official tourneys ) you could consider to reach out to a professional coach ( easiest way is probably twitter ) and ask them for advice.

There are some kids on youtube who are really good ( immortal, rad ), who make content but its mainly ranked clips and montages. ( Gets boring quite fast imo )

Also make sure shes safe from the players , there is a lot of weird and unfriendly people on the internet and valorant players can be very sexist / racist etc... ( I'd recommend uncensored female valorant experience but for you and not for your daughter if you want to see how bad it can get )

Now im afraid of getting destroyed by a 13yr old in ranked, thanks xd
"Hey, Astra, look at my Pokemon, it's a Vaporeon! Did you know that Vaporeon are in a field of egg group which is mostly comprised of mammals?- 💀"
I feel this lol
Sometimes there are games you can't win. Also, you gained 43 RR for one win and lost a collective 41 RR for four losses. At your current performance/elo you can theoretically have a 25% win rate, and still be climbing
mag not clip
Google Woohoojin.
Your aim and cursor placement are literally just good though why are you selling yourself short💀
Yeah. I was playing like ass last night, so I hopped into DM to warm up better.

And I won the deathmatch. Felt good. Back to the game.

Starting the first match 0-4 KD. And at that point, it became clear I was not playing bad, I was playing stupid. Frustration was getting to me. Allowing them to rush me. I push when I shouldn't. Getting hit with multiple abilities.

My deaths weren't face to face gun fights testing our accuracy against each other like in DM. I was still playing DM, and they all beat me because they were playing a team based objective game.

Lucky for me, I really just needed to go to bed. My mind was already there.
Poor Timmy the turret is not as strong as a Vandal.
That reyna's scream cursed me and my whole family through 5 different generations
Chamber after spotting an enemy with trap:  
"There right there!"
imagine this. You go into ranked and someone playing your character is doing crazy shit or someone is just beating you every gun fight. with a replay system you can watch the rounds from their perspective and see why they are beating you. see the angles and set ups they use. "how did he know i was there?" "oh he could literally hear my foot steps at b main that makes sense". Its like the ultimate tool for improvement, with the added spice of helping to report potential cheaters
Few things that come to mind that was absolutely ridiculous looking back:

- How OP Jett was. Dash without a timer, knives resetting even on right-click kills, much longer smoke duration, two jumps?! No wonder she was a staple pick in ranked and pro play for a long time.

- Reyna had 4 orbs. Imagine what smurfs could do with that today.

- Split was way way way too CT sided. If you can win 3 rounds on attack you've done well.

- Flash spam. Breach and Skye had 3 flashes ready to use. The flashes were very bright back then too so RIP eyes. 

- Everyone sucked lol. Watching a high-level streamer then is like spectating a Diamond player today.

- A lot less smurfing but Ascendant doesn't exist yet, so quality of games were just as inconsistent.

- Options were limited when it comes to agents especially if you factor in the meta. There were only 3 smoke agents back then lol.
i comm all the time and its so stressful when youre in a lobby where no one talks or they type a fucking essay in chat so theyre just standing in a random spot in the map. i feel like i can’t even play the game anymore cause everyone is off doing their own thing and not playing as a team while no one says a thing
Why bother reading when I can just get upset at a boogyman I made up?
Hold together, no matter how good they are they wont win a duel against 3 people holding a chokepoint.   


If you know that someone has pushed A or B for two rounds straight, they probably will keep pushing until they get punished, so just hide in a spot and wait for them to push and kill the flanker.   


On attack team coordination matters a lot, thats why usually defending is easier, it doesnt require that much coordination and timing
You explained it properly. They just don’t give a fuck
Way too often.
I'd say somewhere between 66 and 75% of my games.
Maybe the fact I'm shit at the game and bronze/silver doesn't help, too
Sounds like a new map.
s0m always makes fun content, at least i enjoy his streams recently. theres no streamers that i really dislike tho
I will IP dox his keyboard
Wait until my duo shares his clips
Dude its just a bronze strat 

Just put the cam on A main corner  towards attacker spawn the  type the IP address of the enemy player while in cam to see their room
Joliz is unbearable. Can't stand him.
I have to disagree as I only ever run out of ammo when I’m spamming smokes hahaha
A CAP? A cap on a digital currency?????
Go ahead bro, i ditched my wife because she would say i would never be demon1 but demon69 so i freakin moved to a town with no name  and started rolling with AverageJones as a coach for my viper plays. Reached plat in 300hrs and now in this act im going for plat again and hope to get plat 2. I contacted Geng to be a rookie on the team but since i look half chinese they told me to get bent so for now i lay low untill i reach plat 3. Trust urself bro
there is a report option 'botting' if you find these accounts suspicious
Yeah bundle prices are high but radiant is the real robbery. They advertise their skins with all the effects. Only for you to have to get a separate currency to upgrade”upgrade” the skin is insane and just bullshit
Goddamn how tf does one get carried from Bronze 3 all the way to Diamond 2 several episodes in a row. GlaceonGelato really has it going for them
Need the "woah, this is useless" meme
Champions 21.  A reskinned OG with cool effects

Champions 23.  A better version of the Prine Vandal

Kuronami.  Overall just a slickaf lookin gun.

Neptune.  It’s the Blubblub, need I say more?

Hon Mentions: Radiant Crisis (phantom, I want more toon shaded skins) and Horizon Vandal (a cheap gun skin, with no effects, just looks like a cool Destiny gun)
Yeah tbh I do not care what agent you play, I care how well you can play them on the given map.

You know what's troll? Picking Gekko because you think we need an initiator and you don't know how to plant the bomb with wingman. Or playing Brimstone because you think we need smokes and constantly going too far away to smoke important chokes. Or playing Chamber and not understanding anything about the game.
1 only use the vandal until gold to build better habits (less spraying more movement)

2  do not shoot until you are confident you will hit their head.

3 do not stop moving until you are ready to shoot.

4 fire two shots if you miss go back to point 2

that's about as basic as I can make it. you can find more in depth gunfight hygiene videos on yt. these points will not hold true always but in my experience the biggest issues with low ELO players and gunfights is a lack of movement and rushing their shots. don't get too caught up in aim community bs the vast majority of it is not gonna help you with where you're at right now.
A Breach who knows how to use their kit and still has full util, you're not playing Valorant, you're playing overwatch 1
If you're familiar with Dota, Woohoojin is the same as Glass. He also got boosted to 5k MMR (back when pros used to peak at late 5k to 6k). His behavior as a coach and Woohoojin is almost like for like.
Phantom by far. Those "not headshot but not enough damage" situations are annoying as fuck but otherwise my all time favourite and highest headshot rate. Guardian is close second for when I have off-days since it's easier to controll
Never, ever move to EU and let her player Frankfurt. Ever.
Light shield was an issue in pro play because it basically allowed teams to have a buy round every round of the match. Or at least a buy that was strong enough to rival a full bought team. With the outlaw now if teams opt to continue buying light armor then the opposing team now has the option to get a super cheap operator to counter it instead of having to invest more money and potentially give away a real OP.
I am soloq only and have been playing since beta. You are 100% right.   
Soloq-ing is a nightmare now. The hot mic bug last act killed all communication - literally no one is using mics for teamcomms anymore, duos / trios are all prone to bully the soloqs they are matched with and toxicity in general is crazy rn (there's always been a lot, but it's increased by a ton esp since smurfs are in every other match now).
they can smonk after they die

henlo smonk
I can deal with people running around with SMGs way better in CS compared to Neon's sliding at me at a different head level, but maybe that's cause I'm very new to Valo and have like 2k hours in CS.
Would be nice if they showed data as to why. This seems like a stupid change for no reason at all.
Ummm why wouldn't you wanna draw when there's not one but two throwers...
As someone who played on PC from the time the PC version was in beta and then quit about a year later and came back recently to play on both PC and Xbox -- it's really nice playing on console. Since it's so new, the skill level isn't quite as high and my slow 30 year old ass can still play somewhat competently.
Do not do this anymore. I refuse to 5 stack until riot removes the queue with any rank bs. I am Gold and play with other Golds but come across plats, diamonds and ascendant qued with an iron smurf and bronze players. Of course going against someone 3 ranks higher with higher game knowledge is not fun or fair. It should be banable
True controller
Please don't.
its from the old cs copypasta

electronic became what everyone feared. His eyelids disappeared, his head was swelling and his ears started bleeding. "Are you okay Dennis" asks s1mple. I've never been better sasha, I see it all now, they're not going A or B. They're going home, he said before rushing B all by himself and killing everyone on site
its the league of legends mindset, game is over at min. 5 if you havent won already /s
Escalation players already knew this one
Too nerfed for teams and requires too much coordination for solo q
This is a thread so we can all shame on Glaceon.
Ascent is the last map standing!
So first of All the rank you see on your screen does not really matter. There is a hidden mmr System which represents your "true" rank. 
At the end of the Day it doesnt matter if you wait or not, youre still gonna play vs the same ppl because of your mmr.
And since your mmr is so much higher than your rank displayed to you, you wont Lose as much points. For example: I Lose like 9 points and gain 30+. And even did a double rankup. And I Played kinda bad.
i have no idea what demon1 is but semen1 sounds nice
it’s a glitchpop 3.0 easter egg, didn’t expect it to cover the ads tho lmao
Every elo has these non sentient creatures. Most rounds can be easily won if they just *stopped moving completely* but their last two braincells give them the urge to move around as much as possible without any goal or strategy. There is unfortunately no known way of avoiding this phenomena. Best you can do is die on the inside everytime you see it happen.
Omen as well. Lurking on ult rounds is quite good.
It’s so ironic to find misogynists in a game like Valorant. Like bro you’re playing a cartoony fantasy shooter game where half the characters are women, a good portion of the fan base is women. But sure dude, tell me how trash women are while you miss every shot with your pink flower gun… Anyways it sucks, but don’t let them ruin your enjoyment of the game. The best thing to do is just report and mute, don’t give emotionally undeveloped freaks any attention, that’s the one thing they want. Without that they hold literally no power.
Best two advices I can give that is general and helps you think deeper yourself are:

1.) how can I pressure the enemy/make them feel like it’s chaotic to manage our push?

2.) how do I catch them as off guard as possible/give ourselves the best advantage? 

Sometimes it helps to imagine yourself in their shoes, when would you feel overwhelmed? What was the last thing that led to you losing a round or dying and how could you avoid it/replicate it to the enemies?
Atleast my duelist have less excuses when he dies
No, it just has the pillows and stuff that looks like a hookah lounge but there’s no hookah
She can use it at anytime as long as she has fuel. If u pick it up, it has no cooldown. It's very good for lurks. And outplay potential. It's a very underrated ability.
what does low elo have to do with being annoying
How can i tell where no enemies should be?
This is such a stupid comment. "I could translate this but I'm not going to" like why even bother commenting.
Demon2
Bro said “it’s not a bug” to a riot dev😭it’s their game they can do what they want
I wonder, is Clove's dimension [the same one Sage draws her life powers from as Omen hints?](https://www.kingdomarchives.com/search?agent=Omen&search=share&id=2811)
This is the lobby: https://prnt.sc/xdby0Xr-LpUr
If you are twice her age (26) you probably have twice if not even less time than her playing the game.
Probably smoked without confirming the plant 😂
Subroza on ascent is probably the most famous call-out for spot. Even pros use it ALL the time lol.
Isnt clove a teen?
This never happens in bronze. Bronzechads stay winning
Devoured
He just plays his best agent no matter which role. At this point it really doesnt matter.

Also ngl 5 Duelist comps where everyone actually was a duelist player and not some dude hovering KJ and saying "wow 3 duelists guess we go 5 duelists then Xdd" and proceeds to bottomfrag with Neon were some of the most freelo games so far.
No the number on your act badge is where you finished.
I have 2x-3x your hours and just recently made it out of silver. We're going places🔥🔥🔥
I meant when Kay O is not down. When u ult him as ISO and he is alive (and then u kill him), he will just stand there till the domain expires and both of u will die.
You must practice to get better, if you have no experience. Also if this sensitivity is too low for you and you don't feel comfortable, you can increase it.
Flashes, trips, nades, getting the trade. It's an ultimate. It's supposed to be hard to counter.
you know that clip of the entirety of sentinels accidentally soloqueuing onto the same team together?

probably that
the guy sounds like he fucking stinks anyway. he’s gold for a reason don’t listen to him
I've been using RawAccel for probably over a year but not once have I noticed "angle snapping"
Had this happen earlier. IDC if they are someone's duo and are coming back, it should be automatic as soon as it's called.
Bronze 2
Sens is an operator that is referred to by they/them in the operator bio
Surrender doesn't require 4 votes in ranked this is only true in *Unrated*, ranked surrender which require 5 votes.

Remake can **only** be triggered if someone DC during the first two round.
The fact that the siege community (arguably more toxic than Valorant) had less of a problem with a trans operator (Osa) than the Valorant community is currently having with a NB one is WILD to me.
tracker or didnt happen ;)
you said util reveals location twice but yeah, spot on here
Fun fact: You can kill the same person in a round 3 times now(Clover+ult+sage res)
Riot sees harbours cove more as a means to traverse choke point or temporarily block fire from opponents. They mentioned this in a thread a year ago.  Its use is more as a temporary safe zone on site that might potentially be dangerous.  

However I agree with your suggestion.
It is a reoccurring event. IIRC it comes back by the start of every act.
love this!  that would mess with my brain but feel fun too
On major holidays competitive games typically attract the worst of its player base during the day. Your better off waiting till nighttime hours.
Here (and in the pro clips, usually) it's not to be funny, he's waiting for more enemies to push so he gets more than one without being traded
1. Yes
2. It is a throwable, not instant (like sage’s wall). It also has a reinforcement phase where it only has half health on its orbs
3. I think you meant 30+ phantom bullets. But that’s if you dedicate your ammo to shooting the center orb after it finishes reinforcing itself. You wouldn’t shoot out an entire sage wall with your vandal, no? Just one of the sections. So do that? Shoot one of the smaller sections off and kabang you’re no longer complaining
4. Very fair, but again, you wouldn’t try to break multiple sage wall segments with just your pistols… shoot the smaller sections
5. No…. Absolutely not. A sage wall lasts for 40 seconds. Deadlock’s lasts for 30.
Love the 'breathe before gunfights' tip, so relatable!
it's gotta be yoru right? you can pick spike up far more easily with yoru ult than omen. a group of enemies (3+) can generally block omen ult.
Aim look pretty decent to me
>if it was boiling we would take damage trying to cross the wall

*laughs in electrified neon wall that does no damage now*
Not in Contender yet myself but question for Jo Ellen or any others that have an answer about this part of the Premier update 

"If we can’t find you an appropriate match during the queue window, you’ll be given a Bye. Byes award a match win and 100 points."

I assume there is a way to stop people from cheesing this rule by just queuing at the very end of the time slot, I assume they will have to have queued towards the beginning?
First off, apex and valorant are two different games. In apex a lot of the preferred way to play rank is as a squad. However in valorant, it's more solo or duo. Valorant forces this and for a good reason. They never restrict you of playing with friends in a 5 stack but they do make it harder to get a game as one. In apex, it's easier to get two more people and there is no restrictions to queues at all. So it's more of a free for all.

Your boy is very wrong about macro and micro play. Both are big parts that can help your understanding of the game and help out in the long run. When you play with a 5 stack in valorant, it can lead into bad habits and inhibit growth as a player.

Solo queuing is a lot about adapting to your teammates, yes. Is that a bad thing? No. That's a lot of where growth comes in. You can check that second point yourself. Go to tracker and see how many three stacks you won or loss against.

In general, your boy is very fixated on stuff that'll inhibit growth as a player in valorant. Apex is a very different game that has so many useless characters, weirdo teammates, and is super controller heavy. It's not a good game to compare to valorant where you need some similar, but different skill sets.
i used to do this one but then i realized it didn't allow the mid hold from boiler so i started doing the one from screens. i suppose if they're pushing mid a lot i could switch to that one.
Go play some BattleBit, fuck around in some other games, then come back when you get the itch :D

Games should be fun!
I mean they literally shoot each other all the time
Yeah you're probably right 😅
i see it as saving 40 minutes because it would take a whole other game to get your rank back if you were to lose
PRX with something, we saw how EG playing unconventional caught Fnatic off guard on Bind and PRX are the embodiment of that. TL coach Emil said it best, you won’t beat them in regular 5v5 Valorant, you have to make it chaotic
Replay system at home:
Sages heal yes, Reyna's heal works differently.  Think of when you ult and kill multiple people, the heal doesn't want 2 seconds each kill, it's instant.
Bronze-Silver
Highest I’ve seen was a Reyna on my team in a silver comp game, FOUR aces, numerous 3 and 4ks. Averaged like 2.8 kills a round with an ACS of 923
As someone who has been playing on and off since the game came out.  I also thought they were talking about the sentinel characters.
But speaking of the agent, at least it is a confirmation that one of the skills will be deafness, and that is very game changing.The deafness effect is something that may have been overlooked by many players, mainly because it only appears in very few skills in the game. But a skill specialized in making someone deaf is something very useful, especially for lurkers like Yoru.

If this agent can make anyone deaf regardless of distance, this would be a great help for people looking for sneaky kills (going behind the enemy's back), so, combined with Yoru's TP and Ultimatum, or even Omen's TP, it would be very useful.

Having an ability like this added now with the META change could be an indication that Riot is actually thinking about opening up a larger space for agents that can be more lurker-focused.
I got bad info then thank you 🙏
How was that a league reference
I had a teammate throw the game because our teammate "asked" him if he could give him Vandal by selling his Odin. He could have bought Vandal for both if he did that. However, for some reason, our Chamber decided that it was a horrible crime for him to ask that and started throwing.

So, the moral of the story is- people will do stupid things if they want to do it. It is just that they are looking for a reason to do that. So, your voice is fine. It is just that your teammate was looking for a reason to behave like that.
A little buff/QoL I would like to see after playing him for almost 100h:



-If you win your ult duel too fast sometimes the orb will spawn behind the barrier and you won't be able to get the shield because your ult runs out. So can we please make the barriers disappear once you get a kill?
Wish my enemy team didn't use any util too
I'm iron 1 and I don't want to punish my teammates by playing.
I'm hoping that when the second season of arcane comes, they'll re-release it again. I wasn't playing valo during the release :(
This guy gets more spray and pray headshots than i do standing still, amazing game
I love that wave of controller main posting about actual tips, hopefully these are seen by many so we can actually have better smokes altogether
"Get shit on"
The difference is you can seel the CS knife for more or less the same price, when in valo the money is gone
it's 2023 we all eat downside
[deleted]
wtf dude?
The voice actor for Gekko is also one of the kindest souls around. He posts on TikTok, too, and tweets some pretty fun things with the community. Riot did a great job with Gekko. I'm glad you're having fun with him, too!
He has technically spent about half his life on Valorant since the day it was released. I don't see any way you can defend that saying it's not too much.
Viper  is still one of the strongest agents in the game, that’s why she keeps getting nerfed. She’s strong as a secondary controller on a lot of maps. Her strength comes from her info-denial, ability to hold space, and the ability to lurk with “global” utility. Her wall blocks a lot of sightlines, and any enemy that push thru it get insta-decayed, which forces enemies to use utility to get info. 


For example, on Split, she can solo hold and lurk A main with her wall on attack. This must be met with counter-util in order to know the level of threat in A main (0 player? Just viper? A split? All 5 shift-walking behind wall?). Utility and players must gamble holding, and letting their team get rolled B, or leaving, and having enemy viper lurk up and call rotates into a free site. Or, it could be a map wide attacker default. You wouldn’t know as a defender unless you’re actively dealing with the threat by investing util and players. High level Viper players also like to repeatedly default their utility. Lurking 2x and getting a pick will make enemies more wary of your lurk, and thus makes a fast hit on the other site stronger. 

She can also hold space very strongly. Her decay on orb/wall makes pushing the wall very risky, and pairing it with her molly makes it so that she can hold down a lane with a smoke and molly for a long long time. Valorant is a game of seconds, so being able to stop the mid split of a split site hit can make or break the round, and also the game. Her ult is essentially the same way. Ulting the bomb post-plant or important space (like the mains in Breeze, Hookah, Mid in split, etc) makes enemies either have to respect the ult and play elsewhere very obvious, or they have to push thru and gamble that they can find the Viper in the pit. Investing an ulti doesn’t mean you have to commit; if they’re sending a kayo knife both fade dogs flashes and jett dash on you, you can leave the ulti. All util used on you, is util that the other team cannot use to gain info on your teammates, for retake, or the site hit. 

You couple these abilities with a good lurker and another smokes makes her a very dangerous agent. EX: Nats.
Brimstone replies "They're the future, Sabine! You know you care about them."
Stinger meta was fucked too
Might be purple.
Yeah, the whole "reyna is only good in low elo" line is wrong.
Reyna is good in disorganized play, bad in high level organized play.
I wouldn't say aiming is harder, but you can't rely on the same aim style to get you through both games at a high level. I can't miss my first shot in CS and still hit the head because my spray is nasty, but in valorant I will need to stop firing and readjust if my first few bullets miss.

At the same time, you have to worry about people flying around on ice skates with SMGs and shotguns in CS unlike anything you will ever see in valorant
nice clip but stop reloading after every kill lmao. this aint callofduty
When does the patch go live?
[https://www.esportstales.com/valorant/rank-distribution-and-percentage-of-players-by-tier](https://www.esportstales.com/valorant/rank-distribution-and-percentage-of-players-by-tier)

It's pretty rough out there these days
We should also include the question 'How to stop smurfs?' you cant, without it backfiring to the normal players.
Angle snapping is silly. Better off without it any improvement you felt was a placebo. A common problem is it fucks your Y axis adjustments.
Is that a double-barrel Marshal?
Obviously Neon

She's got the blue and yellow hair, and a metal implant along her arm

Plus if Neon's decorations in her room are anything to go by, she's much more the type to hangout at the beach with her friends
CC-VLRNT-CCHAL-00001
I would add :

NS = Nice Shot

GLHF = Good Luck Have Fun

GH = Good Half (I rarely see it)

FF = Forfeit (basically asking to surrender)

WDYM = What Do You Mean (this one is maybe a bit more specific)
Style points
Zellsis being emotional made me tear up. 

**CONGRATULATIONS SENTINELS!!!!!!!**
I've actually found that with the exception of the cringe-lord teens who constantly want to make jokes all game, a lot of the Valorant people i play with are pretty cool. I think Since I play from Japan I also get the weird midnight mystical hour of people too. So that helps lol
Finally, some vertigo trolling
2v5*
I JSUT GOT KICKED FROM MY RANKED GAME
Many things. Valorant is not really the friendliest type of games, and some games people can make fun of a lisp, funny voice, and even just being a girl.

So do keep in mind, even tho they want to win, they just can find the courage to speak up because of these players. There may not be these kind of players in that specifc game, but because these toxic players exist it makes it hard for alot of people to even give coms in the first place.
Game is way to young to have GOATS. We will have to wait probably 5-6 more years before we get someone that is to Valorant what Faker is to League.
- Sentinels
- Thinking Man's Valorant
- Woohoojin

Honorable mention:
- The official Valorant youtube channel
So that's the night 6 of Five Nights at Valorant ?
It’s lazy content
right before plant a popup took me out of the game and i was stressin
Yeah I flicked through that video because I don't like WestJett. Sort of like Val Leafy, funny at first but it gets old quickly.
Agree. The smokes don’t last long enough and make me think they will never be able to be a solo smoke. They feel like an entry character but without flashes I wonder how good they will be able to fit in a team comp. Very interested to see how the meta gets shaken up, if at all
I am personally fine with simple intros. Yes, Deadlock's, Fade's or KAY/O's select animation look awesome, but after, like, fourth time you just lock an agent without looking at their intro.
I just really like the Artisan Foil
Most maps are designed with 3 lanes of attack and 4 entrances to a site for attackers (i.e. A main, B Main, mid to A, mid to B). That's basic map design concept, there are some variations of course (bind doesn't have a true mid, but still only 4 entrances to site; Haven/Lotus has 3 sites, but B Haven only has one attacker entrance as garage is shared with C, Lotus still only has 3 lanes of attack with tree and main splitting very close to site)

Breeze throws this whole concept out the window. Halls creates a 4th lane, and then mid still has 2 actual angles of attack. You need someone mid doors to cover bot mid and someone top mid to cover elbow, someone in halls, and then you're left 1 person on each site to cover main with very awkward angles and minimal cover to play around. One pick at any location pretty much gives a free lane to attackers with very low change of trade due to the size and number of lanes.

The size of the map makes it very difficult to rotate in an organized manner without leaving gaps for defenders in the plethora of lanes.

Also Ops break the map. Anything other than mid to A is like the equivalent of pushing Haven C against an Op, and mid to A is awkward as hell to come out of.
Bulldog? Instead of spectre after winning a buy round I buy a bulldog. I got sick of hitting them in the head with a spectre with 78 hp but switched to a bulldog and they’d die instantly since it’s a save, they have no shield, and the bulldog does 115 to the head. I think it’s underrated because people normally don’t buy it due to how expensive it is compared to a spectre.
Some traumas transcend games
Go play some dm until you’re a little more comfortable with the game then go back and play a match. Spike rush is also a good way to learn in a fun environment.
It was new and free
I have played with that sen sodyne guy hes on my friend list
breeze is bad, remove it :>
I think the whole reason the outlaw isn't that amazing is exactly because it's really hard to notice lightshield buyers.

And in any other regard it is not worth its cost. It might work for 1 round when you see your enemies might light shield to force up but otherwise you have a lot of better options
Valorant needs built in replay system and other QOL changes, and fun modes. I'm not a fan of a lot of content creators but they are working with what they got. The only thing u can make content on for this game is coaching, smurfing, and stupid things like all of eggwicks videos
I understand that. I also know that I am still really bad at the game. However I dont understand how there are literally 0 players that are really "bad" like I am used to from other games. Doesnt really make sense encountering only people that know how the game works and/or have decent aim in the lowest possible ranks. Shouldnt there be a place where truly bad players face each other x) ?
a win is a win
You didn’t even say in your defense where your orb was or how you intended to use it lol
yeah im definitely going to be recording this stuff these people are sick.
Surely it'll just be the most boring shift walk and retake simulator if you get the full map.
Thats why ive only played swiftplays for the past 2 years, its just nothin but fun n barely any tryharding :)
The fact that he gets shit teammates most of the time so he "can't carry" and the fact that he's silver makes me think that he's the shit teammate tbh.

But your sentiment is sweet, good luck. Just be positive, keep a learning mindset, practice your aim in the range, and stop moving before shooting unless the enemy is super close to you.
They clearly forgot that this is not CSGO...this one can be played without memorising lineups just fine and therefore having even 10-12 maps active would be more fun
Used to be astra main. Still pick her occasionally.

Don’t think she’s boring to play at all. It’s still really satisfying when you time or place stars correctly and can shut down rushes or retakes or fake a site.

May be weaker than other controllers because balance for pros but still fun to play.
Interestingly, a cypher ult will still show their position inside the ISO ult
Aim training with technique like that will get you nowhere. You have a fundamental misunderstanding of how to aim. Notice how your mouse movement is very floaty, there’s no real urgency or precision in your aim.

What’s your sens?
Play unrated till rank reset. Then play comp. This way, you'll learn the game in the mean time.
Ewww those negative team mates 🤮🤮. Good job haha
You know how abused kids sometimes smear their shit on the wall because it gives them a feeling of control when they have none in their life? That’s griefers. They grief to feel in control of their valorant games /s
As a Phx main, if you ult and entry site for your team, they will push in with you leaving your body behind so the enemy who is flanking can get a free kill! hope this helps
 riot’s thought process:

“hopefully there will be one soul out there who doesn’t understand that these skins aren’t unique, poorly made, don’t have finishers, don’t have vfx, or anything cool about them that will buy this bundle because it’s cheaper”
Lmao all of the woohoojin d riders must be crying rn
I hear two different things going on with you—comparing silver lobbies to death match. Do you use tracker.gg? DM lobbies typically accommodate a much broader skill gap so you may be playing against people significantly better than you (dia, asc even imm). Playing against superior people will feel like they’re cheating. They’re just dialed in, have better cross hair placement and are anticipating where opponents are.

Don’t worry, that’s the beauty of how standard valorant isn’t DM—use your wits, utility, combo off your teammates, COMMUNICATE, and you’ll notice you’ll do better in competitive games than how you perform in DM
no like he literally can't understand what your point is here, neither can I
Giga Chad for dodging with knife low HP like that. Those are the plays that look stupid first person but when you fight it in game you realize how strong it can be. Unpredictable movement. Nice clutch
Going pro doesn’t need to be your motivation to play a video game, you can simply play for the fun of the game. The rank ladder really is only there so you can have balanced matches which should be more fun
Bro they’re ain’t no way you have 460acs and 320adr every game and you’re stuck bronze
Average diamond and under Reyna instalock behavior
all he had to do was switch to his secondary
That is also true

Pro play is a totally different ball park though because of all the different factors compared to online. That's why I enjoyed premier last act, we had 3 teams we matched against twice, and learnt from the first game and what not
Man, it's fun to play viper as the secondary controller than the only controller. So many timings, so many lurks. Can essentially solo carry the team if you can comm properly.
i forgot to mention it stayed there the whole game
range while we're in queue. I want to keep warming up while waiting for my match
I have never seen him explain something just to b right. It’s either “here’s literally a clip of a radiant/ pro player doing exactly what I say” or it’s a lengthy, detailed and thought out explanation. Jesus u cannot count the times where the guy called out some mistake like “this will bite u in ur as in 2 seconds” and like clockwork the guy dies exactly for that predictable reason. I can see the arrogance points, but that was always there to a large extent.
never ask a valorant player why the clip ends at 4k
I’ll be honest I did the most redditor thing and didn’t read anything but the title
Drives me insane.

Everything is cleared, we need spike down now before they rotate. 

Cypher that picked up the spike immediately for some reason: *s p a w n*
very smooth - what are your aim settings / curves
please go into your settings and set up a keybind for clutch mute! i have mine set to H and any time i get into a clutch situation, i just press it and my whole team is no longer yappin
Its unique! Its variety. Some like it, some might not, but its unique and refreshing, as long as it is not boring with same comps every time since the map is  Breeze
i was begging my mom for more screen time 💀

when i got back online first thing i heard was "jett play less valorant jett"
Yes, it’s good to remember that language changes and evolves cross culturally and throughout time to adapt to the needs of the people living in those contexts - the french language is very gendered but is now introducing gender neutral language such as “-iel” for example.
I'm jealous at these odin players. Every time I've tried to odin it does 1 leg shot and draws a silhouette of the player around him, I'm a sova main so i prefer using a gun with high penetration to get those wall bang kills, I mostly use a guardian because i just cant odin for some reason,
As an NB, my guess is that,since  Osa uses “she” as a trans woman, it’s easier to stomach. As for Clove being NB, one would assume “they” pronouns to be used, which for some reason short circuits peoples’ brains.
10hp clutch*
Hes letting you know he goes right.
Clean shots, 1v5 ace, bomb hates you.

I would have just stared at the bomb silently cursing.
How did you even see them that fast ?
Note: this will not work in iron
Lol dont worry, my friend was shouting at me the whole time in an xbox party 😭. He got op diffed in mid at the start of the round, and was comming for me the whole time
its on ur keyboard
Ruthenium
hard to know for sure since you don't have ping or packet loss displayed, but its most likely lag. enable the indicators
I only chew 5 gum.
are you telling us as a kid you never put your eyes straight on the tv screen?
Nothing matters in any ELO besides smokes. But I've had plenty of ascendant games where we win without smokes. It's all about how well your team plays together. Worry about comp when you're a pro doing executes. In casual comp comp doesn't matter. I see so many people with such real mental when their team selects a weird comp. Just play the game, anything can happen
absolutely agree. gold player here and my last game (3 weeks ago, because I'm almost through with this game) had a Reyna on the enemy team saying how cracked he was for a bronze player after he one taps and dismisses at anyone

only one thing keeps me from leaving this game forever and it's the money I spent on my account, but I'm definitely playing less and less each week...
That's the most satisfying shit ever!!!
That lineup is so dumb I love it.
Silver isn't much better, also a lot of smurfs there
Fade, sova, Skye, kayo are all strong because the devs understand how important information is.
your friends might be gay and in denial if they won’t try new things and call them “gay”
Its the difference between walking through a doorway and being forcefully yanked through one I suppose
Real. Looking back, i dont even think he had his gun out when i came out of iso ult
Haha ty, but these are just clips after all. I whiff a lot too
ok let’s chill lol
APAC servers were still an option for Chinese players. EDG played in Champions 22 for a reason.
Please don't. I absolutely despise the Sage on my team who wastes a great piece of utility every round on an obscure wall, only to get value out of it once every 5 rounds. 

Grimm seems like a cool enough dude, but I hate him deep down for how many walls have been wasted due to him.
Sounds like a bad friend, and an annoying person, but you sound like you wanna stick to being friends with him. Maybe you shouldn't?
Kuronami and chaos 🥹
No ranks in unrated. You could be matched up with the best player in the world if you were unlucky
I'm surprised not many people instalock Reyna compared to astra or habor, really underrated
Because you smell and no one wants to play with you.
shoot the cambro
literally aimbot bruh
Ah you didn't mention this is unranked you are talking about. Unranked isn't even a serious game mode so it matters even less if you are doing good or bad at it lol. Mute, move on. Asshats need shit to cry about so they do, can't change that.
Lol, After reading the title I thought u killed all of them 😂
Spectre is pretty bad yeah. Bulldog is better for 2nd round and stinger is better for ecos.
Ares is too slow and makes you pretty immobile to use properly. Specter is way better for anti ecos and the stinger is a solid option for an eco round to then trade up to the enemys rifle
Air horn is always a good one and I love the cat dance Omen, the stay hydrated Harbor and the morning coffee Killjoy.
Silver

Crouch


Late smokes

Walking through that first smoke????

Dry peeks when you have smoke.

Indecisive but still getting your job done 👍

Nice clutch bro
The problem though is even with a longer cooldown if you let sage heal herself 100, people will 100% do that instead. The change originally made isn’t to encourage healing others; it’s to discourage and punish just healing yourself.
I think the resources he has made for the community are helpful. Many people can find value it in. However, this lack of honesty shouldn't go unnoticed either.
If the skin is unused and upgraded riot will give ur go back
Just blatantly lying now
El Diablo is dead, there's a new king of hell!
Do people squeal and yell in their mics in ranked like they do unrated and swift cause holy shit people act like they've never interacted with another person in their life. I don't interact in VC unless I have a clear understanding of the vibe and usually I just do callout unless people are actually cool.
i was gonna post my clip today. nevermind. this tops everything else  
>!/s!<
if you look closely at the gun at 0:08, you can see the flashes of light that usually happens when you reload. just a spectator bug
Theres alot of speculations going around. Initially I thought it was also China server exclsive but some people said it's not and China is just getting it first? IDK man
If you’re a true radiant or immo, you’ll be back there after the reset. This is a good reset because there’s a ton of people in that rank who are only there because the grinder like crazy off the start.
all father? g-give me sight
Yes, that will most likely happen with all of the subs that intend to go dark indefinitely. However, starting up a new subreddit meant to replace a large one (like this hypothetical new r/Valorant) isn't easy. For one, the new moderators most likely won't have the experience of running a large subreddit, and since the API changes are affecting a lot of mod tools they won't have access to a lot of the tools that their predecessors had access to. 

Over all, if the large subreddits actually did just turn themselves off indefinitely it would be a *huge* blow to reddit and would negatively effect their IPO.
They activated tac visor
Play close to medium range and run&gun
Keep dreaming man. 

The reason they don’t add any new spots is because of posts like this. You get FOMO and you buy that item the second it hits your store
just instalock bro, team comp isnt important in lower elos because no one knows how to play off each other's utility anyway
Yeah that actually makes a lot of sense! We lost this round I'm pretty sure... unfortunate!
Last night my ISO started 2-9 and asked for a pep talk or “somebody say something” to him. I was like stop lurking as a duelist. Throw your Great Wall and lead us to victory. Quit isolating yourself and isolate the enemy with our team. Dude actually popped off that round and almost took mvp for the game. Didn’t lose one ISO ult and used my cams to 100% hit the initial ult cone. We ended up winning 14-12 after being down 2-7 before the speech. Felt good to win and play with those guys after that one.
I prefer it when there wasn’t map pools tbh
Yes, but only in strategic situations. 

I always ask myself questions kn each situation: Is the Yoru hard carrying? Are they doing the same TP every time and can only be punished by committing util to it? Are they the only agent with a flash? Which map is it? Are the timing their TP correctly, based on previous engagements?

Based on the answers, it will decide if I will use util to try and isolate Yoru.
That means that your hiden elo is much lower than the elo that you see. That means that the game think that you play much worse than Asc3, and to give you the rank that you actually deserve it reduce the amount of elo that you get if you win and takes more elo if you lose
#Stop being afraid to change sensitivity!

I tried all senses from 500 edpi to 200 edpi during the last year and my aim is only improving. Your aim is not gonna vanish when you change sens so it never hurts to change.

Only limiting factor is how much space you have on your desk to move your mouse
Logically speaking Kay/O should also have a lot more health than every other agent, and healing from Skye and Sage probably shouldn't work on him. 
Just a skill issue, and make sure to swap with numbers instead of scroll wheel to be faster.
I don't mean to be rude but that kinda seems like you're just low-ish elo. Especially on the phantom, you find yourself in situations where you're spamming smokes, Viper ults or even while flashed pretty frequently.

And as someone else already pointed out, the Odin is terrible for spraying through smokes etc., it's mostly good at wallbanging off info utility.
I was angry at that Gekko but then saw that it was casual mode. Not much harm done.
Also I'd like to say that this ISN'T a post about how Deadlock is actually secretly good and that just no one knows how to play her; Deadlock IS really really REALLY really **really** *really* ***REALLY*** bad. She needs alot of buffs and I made a separate post on how I think all of her abilities should get some pretty big buffs to make her more viable. I'm just sick of people in comment sections, youtubers, and even pro-players discussing Deadlock saying she needs a complete rework because her kit is fundamentally flawed and that she literally has no place in the meta. She was created to counter Jett and Raze, the two most dominant agents in Pro League and even high ranked gameplay.
This plus Omen just generally being better on non-Brim and non-Viper map.
honestly it was one of the best comp games i've ever played, i think it was gold/plat, it was nice seeing people actually be chill
Ironically enough, Ascent has never left the map pool. Since the announcement of map rotations, Ascent has never been rotated out LOL
What the actual fuck are these proportions
I think the wooting craze from cs is seeping over to valorant. It doesn't matter in val really.
theres 2 healers in the game and one of them can only do it to one person at a time
Nah. If it's a shotgun it's a 1-pump.
Bigger low rank hack- learn to manage economy, when to buy, when to save and how to be (mostly) on the same Econ as your team

This isn’t even a troll response. Learning when to do full save rounds is a big skill missing from a lot of iron-silver players
Gi- gi- gi- gi- gi- gimme a corpse…
Bro why are you here and not spamming that clove with friend requests? Like bro, that's your future spouse right there, GO FOR THEM! I want an update sometimes saying you got engaged and have kids! Jokes aside, you really should befriend them
He would, if it existed
The grind really isn't that bad, I think it's blown out of proportion a bit. I've managed to unlock like 3 new agents since the beta on console started.
imagine you drop default smokes and say "i hear 2 garage" and this guy falls in love with you and writes essays about you on reddit

why dont you just add them and say "hey, you were great, want to queue?"
So there is a chance that his name is Jonah J Jameson
If your forehead isn’t resting directly on the pixels, you’re not close enough
Let's go through the checklist shall we?

Abandoned sage

Shot obvious Yoru Ult

Sprayed 300 bullets

Missed your flashes

Let Fade util you in the face

And somehow all through that they approached you individually for a 1v1 fight - and you ace.

We are not playing the same game.
most pros who are also streamers are good to watch to learn. dont put to much thought into their mentals. they are still trying, even if it doesnt show that hard.

heres woohoojins recommended list of ppl to watch for specific agents / roles: [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1oRSaGGJ4OKDQwmLLigaxJl29ucff15IHJxU42\_FuNxU/htmlview#](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1oRSaGGJ4OKDQwmLLigaxJl29ucff15IHJxU42_FuNxU/htmlview#)
You mean 3 sun simulators?
It’s not hard to afford just irresponsible to buy
Don't forget the guardian if your aim allows it
Should just be infinite when you turn on infinite abilities.
Mature response. 

Tough that it took this long for him to realize he isn't a Radiant caliber player. Also he never admits that he lied about another secret account being Radiant. 

Hope he realizes there's a sizable amount of low ELO players running around with that mindset that he left an impression on.
Fun fact: if vct classics were with finishers, there would be around 40 classics with them
For some reason, every time valorant makes a new map they gotta make it really quirky and different from another maps. Its the reason we have maps like fracture for some reason in this game. Hopefully the next map they add is good.
no wonder bro is a kayo main
I'm sorry, but if I botfrag and get flamed - no way I continue being in vc comming regularly
i dropped 46 kills in silver and lost
It looks like it collided with the wire above (see that it changes color)
Jumping before defusing to make a footstep after the defuse sound, then sticking it
Another reason to nerf chamber tbh
I buy vandal light armor all the time. This gun will make me reconsider my habits which I think is the point of the weapon.
I REQUIRE HEALING
This is the correct comm
Maybe an attempt to trick the afk detection system
Silver, maybe bronze 3. No way this is higher than silver LOL
Especially a good Cypher. Mf will make your whole team waste util just to get onto a site.
Leave while you can
I’m almost the opposite, I’ve gotten more aces on pistol rounds than normal rounds. I find everyone in my rank just spams ghost body shots hopefully faster than I do. If you just stay real calm and aim for only headshots, they can’t really do much unless they get a lucky headshot in
Playing against him feels scary in low elo too, sniping don’t work and body shots just get eaten up.
It does not follow an enemy whatsoever. All it does is automatically lower your sens once your crosshair gets over an enemy. If an enemy moves, your crosshair will not move by itself. You can test it on the range.
Cock?
Breeze is my map with biggest winrate of 60%+ yet not one of my favourites. That is so interesting. I thought maybe it's because you mentally focus more when it's a "bad map" for you at first, but the same does not apply to Icebox which is definitely not one of my favourites at all haha.
i don't even own white or lightcolor pant in real life
You're putting in the work to get your Riot gunbuddy.
Holy shit I remember seeing that clip. I didn't realize on my first viewing of the pass that this was a reference. That's fucking awesome.
If phoenix' ult doesnt have a duration. Imagine forgetting he ulted, getting shot during a mission and respawning halfway around the world
I would be carefull with the initiator one.
Very similar to something else...
Clove, you have self heal, self rez and smokes
I just think other agents in her role do it better, her sound sensors are okay but Cyphers trips in current state are better in every way, Sages wall is better in every way and her slow orbs are better than the crouch trap and she gets two.. Her ult is okay but really for her role its not relevant to the job she has to do for the team, something like a revive or reveal the enemy team is a lot better
i don’t think your teammates were trolling since it’s used as an actual callout. arches is the actual name, i think people use mcdonalds since it looks like an “m”.
Just wait until the iso ult thing is over and then ult. You will respawn where you got hit by iso ult.
"I got my guy."
Wait you can replay your matches? How? Pls explain

Getting downvoted just for asking a question, lmoa
it’s not ice , it’s jade
A backstory. Cool. So this means that she sent a distress signal which Cypher received and Sova went out to rescue her, right? She got the arm from KJ a few days after and joined Valorant (just like that? So fast lol). 

Now I'm curious what the effect of that bear bite did to her. Did she absorb some radianite? Excited for her character arc in cinematics (if she'll have one).
brims smokes dont recharge either
This game easily has one of the best anti-cheats.
Hello! I watched the entire video and here are my thoughts. Please realize it is not over for you and a handful of video's and some practice can fix this quickly and easily.

My biggest outtake is you are either missing or behind on some of the fundamentals of when it comes to taking / winning gunfights. Small things like aiming to low / not proper crosshair placement. Swinging improperly (giving your enemy the advantage when you swing alot). Ill start with something super basic and easy

At 5:43, when swinging long you jiggle way to slow (you do this multiple times but ill just use this time stamp). When you jiggling from this far away at this angle. You are giving whatever enemy might be holding you a huge advantage. Your movement is way to slow so your giving a enemy that may be holding you the opportunity to see you before you see them. A great example is your fight at 2:40 completely making you lose. That jett swung with confidence and  strafed far enough for him to throw off your crosshair.  You do this same jiggle tap thing at 3:24 and its just really useless and I can imagine probably gets you killed alot. You should learn like 2 different types of swings. crouch or wide or fast swings or any type (doesnt really matter) and try to master / learn them. In this rank by simply having better movement and crosshair placement you can easily get to high plat with having ass raw aim. 

You should also just have way more confidence when swinging. You seem very cautious when swinging which isn't a bad thing but the way you do it (slow swinging) gets you killed. If you swing faster and play faster you will give more timing's, gunfight duel wins and more. Also make sure to not stick your crosshair super close to a wall. Try to move it a tiny bit away for when someone swings you.  
  
I would recommend watching a guide on how to take gunfights on youtube. If you have any questions ask!
Never let them know your next move, not even your brain - you
Maybe someone with a stolen credit card gave you smth, better keep dem VP unused first 💀
I think the biggest thing that holds back lower rank people is coping too much, either the teams, the smurfs, the self blaming (thinking they are just bad, leading to no confidence and bad mental, without actually trying to find out and practice the things that they are bad at).

There are lower rank friends that I tried coaching and they always come up with an excuse for something they've done wrong, instead of acknowledging that a more experienced player found the reason why they are not winning games.
They want to rank up badly but they can't fix themselves, so then you are just stuck in that place
hi again :)  
paper rex -Rb? don't you mean cgrs?  
wheres keiko in team liquid? harmii should also be listed as substitute no?
Breach has one where he tries to tell a joke about 2 Norwegians to Deadlock, only to absolutely lose his shit midway through.

Literally killed me the first time I heard it, laughed my ass off and didn't react to their hard pushing Reyna in time.
The Odin in VALORANT is like the noob tube in COD (is that still a thing? last one I played was like MW2). That's basically it. They are fine at higher levels of play, but at lower levels, they are monstrously hard to deal with while also being way easier to use than your regular rifles. That's where the hate comes from.

The Ares is not great at any level IMO, but I think most people just dislike it because it reminds them of the Odin.
The turret and chamber at the end were purple, it's so weird
Prx loves to play reyna since their main duelist something is hella cracked other than them no one plays reyna that much
Brim, cause everyone else sucks when forced to play smokes.
yeah but you can keep it to yourself. i thrashtalk a lot but i only do it in party/discord or to myself, then i tell them nt
Bind your crouch to jump. I promise you it wont take long before you stop crouching every gunfight
Ooooooh, that explains why the riot dev replied to someone who suggested this by "waiting for the upcoming updates"
You don't hate Reyna, you hate smurfs, as we all do
Sage: an in-dept analysis as to why he's the best agent in the game.

To start it off, let's not lie, the girl is kawaiii cutieeee

-Press Q  throw slow orb no enemy come site brain happy

-shes kawaii

-Sexy ponytail and cute face

-She kill she heal

-Press X, res teammates, teammates happy,sage happy

-Her ponytail

Thank you that is all
Average enemy sova on ascent post
Some skin effects make it really easy to see where the bullets go. Personally that helps me adjust my aim...not that I don't whiff it anyway.
Its only a matter of time
Idk if I'd call 26 like "blown up" lol
Bro used iso ult in a 1v4 and won wtf am I seeing
Cuase in their mind it's not unwinnable

"Nah I'd win"
"time" is a great short comm that will not distract too much.
Same. I've since added the Raze airplane bucky as well. 

But the Viper puke-green sherriff? Nah, that one too goes past "so bad its good" to "so bad its bad again"
Happens at least once to everyone :(
#relatable  all I did was spam "gg" 34 times in all chat. Now im banned for 2 weeks
The only thing that was changed is that when he uses his ability he gets a shield for free, no kill required. He still has the orbs tho
Exactly, these are healthy changes. Anyone complaining has a poor grasp of tactical shooters.
This isn’t a game to just pop into and expect to be able to play it. There is a learning curve. Unfortunately the beginning can be dull and frustrating but I can promise it worth learning and jumping through its initial hoops.

I remember playing CS without a clue to what it was. I’ve played it a few times without even understanding how that game worked or became so popular since none of it made any sense. It all makes sense now thanks to learning Valorant.
most likely explanation was that his friend was the one spectating & recording
the fucking vct buff is real istg, every time theres vct going on, mfs on ranked suddenly play so much better all of a sudden because they're copying what the techniques / strats the pros are doing
DOMAIN EXPANSION 「SWING OR BE SWUNG」
Time to throw all my games attempting neo’s in the new map
Change your in game name to “I miss her”
Bro your aim and crosshair placement is better than mine and I’m gold
His father saved his life last time he attempted this. Definitely a long term thing.
As a "high elo" Yoru main, the only thing I'd add on to this is that Ziptie is not top 100, nor is he good to vod review. He is immortal 3, but he spends most of his matches actually throwing for clips. He is a content creator first and foremost, and him trolling nearly every game gives yoru a bad reputation. Eggsterr, on the other hand, is consistently top 10 Radiant and the undeniable goat of yoru, I would highly recommend watching him, as he's who I personally vod review.
Cosplayers usually focus on the costume and props but you also put so much detail into makeup and make yourself actually look like those characters. Like making sure the eyebrows are correct, making lips on viper look pale, etc. Impressive work 👏🏻
Fack da wad man
As a kj, you need to play behind your setup as defence. Your setup determines your positioning.
When you dont have fun but you keep playing with a bad mental.

When the game is not fun anymore STOP playing.
Also if you dont do your daily stuff you need to do but play instead.

I think these are some signs of addiction.
It’s silver/gold lobby I’m pretty sure
No idea why you are getting downvoted. There is quite a difference between burst firing and spraying
1. Util carries over even if you die, unlike cs.
2. Cash you get from staying alive is lower in valorant then cs
3. A 1v3 is much more possible in valorant vs cs due to certain abilities enabling a play even with number disadvantage
oo shait! i lohst mai pet rochk!
If we include pre-nerf characters, definetely Chamber. Espically on Fracture. Doesn't matter which site. Just go on one and let the rest of your team 4 stack the other. Impossible to get pinched. Your 2 traps have both chokes that lead to site. Play in an offangle, get 1 and tp to mid. Then 4v5 retake.
Lil Bro jumping is cool tho
when killjoy requests and says “can i get thissss? :( “ it’s my favorite line in the whole game. 

also chamber’s “toaster is broken!” after killing kayo.
Me trying to convince myself that Valorant isn’t harmful for my mental health
is this NA servers? my 5 stack all put various pride flag banners on for many games to see if we got any reactions from the enemy team and literally no one cared, also never seen any reactions from having any of the banners solo either. we on EU servers
No shit? He streams battlefield and is an insane sniper in that game. I’m 37 and have to think that will be me one day
got so excited he had to walk away from the spike
I have a habit of faking tps. I don't know why I do it
Pearl is mostly fine, but there's a disproportionate amount of importance on the B-long player on defense. 

If that guy is competent with the OP, it's a dynamic and interesting map. If that's a weakness on the team though, then you're done basically regardless of what the rest does. 

Generally, it's a good map but it has a tendency to play like crap more than it should.
Xenofang, reaver and ruination
i think a lot of people unnecessarily discount or avoid using shotguns too much. in the right situation once you’ve learned how the opposing team plays, sometimes it does pay to have 1-2 people run a bucky or a judge. especially if they’re an initiator holding a close angle with flashes, i find it’s helped me get a few valuable picks.
What if her wall bounced off the walls then you could come up with routes and cover more ground with it
crisp shots dude
i would rather killjoy myself than play a tac shooter with 40fps
I've died twice while rotating on defence through halls and I remember both of those deaths because they were so painful. I just stopped paying attention to halls and assumed everyone else did too, but those two mfs didn't for some reason
Yeah, I noticed last match and thought it as really weird.
I find it funny, Riot is totally aware that Valorant is a cesspool of edating couples and they're making millions off em.
they did say they made some team deathmatch maps, but those could also be totally separate from this
Raze with 2 nades
"YOU GET SHOT, YOU DIE. YOU GET SHOT, YOU LOSE THE ROUND, YOU LOSE THE GAME IT'S AN FPS GAME." - Bren
Guru laghima would be proud
Knowing reddit you're going to be downvoted for this but you're right. I read somewhere that they put a warning out that you should try to finish what you can anything else will be lost. Yes it sucks but theres nothing we can do.
I always tell my mates something like "Yo, *Agent name* let my wawawa defuse pls" (trying out the sound he makes, when attacking)
You remember the terms of agreement you agreed to when you first booted the game up? That's why.
Bullet tracers look more like lasers now
It's exploitable to an extent, losing horribly? 1 person goes AFK for a few rounds, all his mates save loads of RR, not exactly repeatably exploitable but it opens a door
Sova drone looking at Mordor in winter. Frodo agent confirmed.
Not Morse code, binary, just checked it out on abyss and took me a while, but i have the code: 

01000100 01000101 01000101 01011010 00100000 01001110 01010101 01010100 01010011
Thank you for giving me hope.
got that tiktoker vibe to it😭
That could be the Kingdom Knife from Battlepass Act1 Level 50 which I even proudly own though rarely paying the game but its simple and rare so still love it - and can't buy that thing, needed to grind it Act1 or its gone, so jeah the knife of the old wolfs i guess \^\^
so if I throw a molly and troll teammates jump into it to die, would I still be the one penalized? or is the game able to distinguish what happened
Use sheriff or marshal and aim for headshots
Ahhh I see! He doesn’t wanna be petty, so he won’t reveal his super secret radiant account that definitely exists! He has reached radiant on his own, but there’s no proof (except for his radiant account which exists but he won’t show because he’s not petty 💁🏻‍♂️) so he’ll just go by immortal for now <3
The counter for Iso are ares , odin , stinger , and a very good positioning , specially if u are like me who has a aim 3 elos below you currently are 
I'm a kj main this happens from last update.
I saw too many times my alarm bot following opponents, usually jett dash.
You don't understand, that voice line is yoru trying to RIZZZ Skye!!
How did the topic of val come up? Was he in some uniform?
German YouTuber Kenn2go I believe. Am German, never heard of the guy and considering he broke Riot's trust, will never hear of him again lol
Theory vids on youtube and you can pull your own ideas from the short films Riot posts about Valorant. Its just ideas being pulled together coz the vids are like a couple minutes long, not a full episode of like 30 min-1hr
1st) it's not his teammates, he's coping. We all blame teammates all the time but in reality we know we also suck balls 

2nd) why don't you ask him to teach you? I feel like you'd be missing out on an awesome way to spend time together and it would be much more fun than reading contradicting reddit comments.
The question is, if your teammate won't stop doing that, why aren't you helping them? Either use your util or just peek with them. Some things you can't control, so try to work around them to your advantage
Honestly i like stinger. I use it sometimes and it works well for me. My fav maybe sheriff and vandal. My least fav is frenzy.
He’s just being sarcastic OP. Cuz toxic Reyna mains are nothing new, next time be sure to just report and mute the Reyna, tell your tm8s to do the same and encourage them throughout. Best way to deal with a toxic person is to not let them get the satisfaction of tilting you
I can relate that its so hilarius to watch as a cypher main, bro tapped spike like 7 times and then died to cam needle + cage
Damn.
I think that it’s important to recognize however that despite the fact that this was most likely due to subpar management decisions and “feature creep” in the actual company, this isn’t something exclusive to Riot (it’s happening all over the tech industry right now with Unity and Twitch just announcing massive layoffs), and they seem to be handling it professionally on the inside with their employees. While I have no doubt the email they shared with their employees (and us) was written with a good public image in mind, they seem to be treating the employees with more respect and offering much more benefit than 95% of companies (employees at Twitch, for example, didn’t even know they were let go when it initially happened). 
I hope they can get R&D under control because charging me 95$ for a skin bundle seems like it should prevent these things from happening.
If you say something that’s against terms AND are engaging in taunting someone, assume that’s the perfect recipe for asking to be reported. 

You should have muted them and reported. Engaging in most /all conversations is a waste of time and distracting. If you really want to win ignore the taunts and shit from enemies.
Unfortunately, they also changed the "be quiet" voice lines to something a lot tamer because they think it was toxic before lmao.
I've been getting those since I began to play on multiplayer games when I was 13-14, I'm now 23. For some reason, the players always seem to guess that I'm a woman, although I don't especially play the typical 'girl-champs' or even have a girly gamertag

It's sad to say that I've been so exposed to it that I'm now used to hear violence/sexual threats throughout my games when I decide (and have the courage lol) to use the chat / the mic and it doesn't affect me anymore but still it's crazy to see ***HOW MANY*** boys / men are comfortable enough behind their little screen to insult/harass women like that
Accidental? Yes.
Mental boost? Also yes.
Clean as fuck? Undoubtedly yes.
I would appreciate the devs if there was a replay system
I think one of their voicelines when they're talking about their immortality they go "It started when I was born...it's a long story I'll tell you later" (something like that) and one of the cards in Clove's agent pass shows a bunch of their glowing butterflies flying into a window of a room

I personally interpret that as they were stillborn or died very very young but came back to life and if this happened post first light their parents would maybe have some knowledge on what just happened or hourglass found out about them and that's why Omen was able to find them when Omen was on the hunt for information
Anyone else getting Deja Vu?
those scenarios you listed are likely to be outliers 


simply, with a randomized spread, it expands the gap in consistency between intended range usage and unintended range usage.


most of the time, if you are in the intended range, random spread doesnt mean anything, and if you are in an unintended range, the random spread makes it inconsistent.


If it was completely consistent, people could learn the spread and utilize it to make weapons more effective in unintended ranges.


Now, not sure if this is the optimal way of balancing but that's my thoughts on why
His name lol
I think this is the only time it should be allowed lol. You take out 3 and go for 4 or the ace. If you die, the team shouldn't walk in 1 by 1 like they're queuing up for Subway. Especially when you are down so drastically in rounds.
Valorant is better because there is a sound when you get a kill. Dopamine.
Because you’re playing Valorant.
Real
OP sharing this masterpiece without telling usbthe source smh
If playing a videogame hurts your family and life the problem is you not the game 💀
Yeah imo this community is top 5 worst online communities I've been apart of, sucks cause the game is so fun when people aren't shit heads
The interaction has been around for so long and yet it still leads to confusion so often. Maybe they should display it differently in the killfeed.
another good battle pass. they got my wallet again. dangit
Okay so if hes playing worse his hidden rank is closer to gold so winning agianst golds would give more rr. While ur further away from gold BECAUSE ur playing well. The problem is that u should be getting teams that are higher rank but somehow u arent.
Headhunter on pistol rouns is almost cheating
Sheesh i play like such a coward, thanks for the clips! Learned quite a lot from it
That brim probably got cooked tf out in voice chat lmao.
And defuse
Just plant and defuse a bomb in your house 8 times
even in ascendant people will bot out when they see neon ult
 I was preying you’d end it in the ult, good shit my guy
The last one for sure
Ik this is probably a bit but I’m gonna choose to believe you just discovered your wife is on Reddit through this.
Id say anything other than the enemy info(their location, abilities, health, etc) is unnecessary
That last kill had my soul leaving my body . I feel terrible for the chamber
Chat is this real
Duelist doesn't have to be frag to be Duelist. Their job is entry and clear the site for us. People tend to think that duelist have to be frag just bcus they play aggressively. Well, i even can play aggressively as Sage but i don't have the mobility like duelist does. I don't have the ability to entry site like duelist does. 

Some duelist top fraging bcus they have good aim and entering first is giving them advantage to get kills. Then there's bottom frag duelist bcus they died on site and blame other team for baiting him just but in fact that botfrag duelist was not mentally ready. Which is, skill issue.

In other case, we can win without duelist, but very small percentage and the winrate also below 50%(unless your teammate have the mind of duelist/play smartly). So ur lucky.

You at least need 1 duelist to play effectively. So duelist is not a useless role. If you're at high elo, all role matters.
Gg go next, don’t expect much from your random teammates tbh. It’ll be different the next game/day. Don’t let other’s action effect your day negatively, just ignore them and focus on what you can do
If you were my enemy i'd be mad at you ;\_;
Inb4 "hey bro afk this round so I can force a draw"
Riot never releasing a replay system for LoL was a meme for a long time haha.
Unironically great for spectators, we don't have to wait the whole time for the spike to go off
5 bullet sheriff ace, 3hp, 1v4... Doesn't get much better than that!
enemy comms be like:

"SHOOT THE FLASH BRO"

"OI I THOUGHT YOU WERE GONNA SHOOT IT"

"sage cutch this or gay"

_dies_

"I'm reporting this trash ass dog sage"
In silver lobbies nobody picks neon. I'm safe anyway.
Tbf if you're against bronze just shoot em, people complicate against bronze too much for their own good
In bronze util doesn’t matter. just pick a duelist and Smurf on everyone using your good aim. don’t listen  to your team too much
Ima say it now , fuck this gun
that's a fantastic way to breach ult your spine
Shots 1-5: Clearly missed. Shots 6-9: Missed due to recoil (bad spray control). Shots 10-11: Very close, but recoil and inaccuracy make these reasonable misses. Shot 12: Likely didn't actually fire because He was already dead.
it’s the new cool agent obviously

yes, it’s a placeholder for clove. prob a bug rn… since it’s meant to come out tmrw…
Yep, welcome to valorant lol
Have you not heard of the 10-8 curse?
Weirdly even though everyone says they can't hear people going under CT I somehow can hear the zipline? (No shift) 

Idk if it's my headphones or my audio profile through Dolby Atmos but yeah I can always here it
At high ranks you're really 320 vs 160
Depends on the map for me, if majority of engages is close range (eg split) I'll take phantom

If it's 50:50 or above I'll take the vandal
Because it's basically a humble brag.

Immortal is an unachievable rank for 90%+ of the playerbase. 

Anyone who is able to "just switch off their brain and outaim" their way to immortal is just incredibly skilled at the game. Kind of cunty to make it sound easy.
That doesn't really help against dirt though unless it's some really hot fire
Reyna is kinda hard to change. Yes, her heal is annoying, even more in low elos, but you can still kill her with one shot. Maybe limiting her skill usage to one each (dispel and heal) or increase the price? That's the only thing I can think on changing her without ruining her kit.
they are actually changing it pretty soon
The effects of dancing with omen
Pretty sure harbours gauntlet is also an ancient artifact
As someone who used those as their warmup before playing comp, I am very pissed!!
You had the balls to upload this clip. I respect it.
honestly, i can only think of doing this twice in 3k hours. it takes a lot to get me to break.
Literally a game changing play. Nice clip
don’t know how viral this clip deserves to be but definitely a great reaction by the raze, really good instinct/game sense especialy for fking gold/play sheesh
Wait what

I main Cypher, pretty much 1 trick him, I can count the number of times someone instalocked him before me on one hand.
The funny thing about this is that my friend legit did this to someone yesterday. The guy kept tapping bomb and my friend is just staring at him on cam and the guy never noticed. This was in a low ascendant lobby too.
Lmfao at this rate, Killjoy players can expect to have just 1 molly in the future. Riot is so fucking stupid. They better revert the orb changes or give back Vipers second molly.
This is what I mean. The lack of sound queue with the flash, the ability to long throw it super far/high for your teammates or use it selfishly makes it by far the most versatile and consistently valuable flash in the game
This was intentional at one point in time, but we're bringing in the Shoot+Slide mechanic that deployed to PC on 8.11 in an upcoming patch in Console.

Each Agent went through the ringer as we developed Console VAL and previously we felt dialing back Equip Time after sliding properly reigned in Neon's power profile. With more reps internally and especially with more polish on general gunplay and camera control as we reached Beta we feel this is no longer necessary. Especially to the extent that it removes something really cool from Neon's kit - both the fantasy promise in slide/High Gear as well as something that feels satisfying to perform on a controller.

We took a little extra time to cook on this one, but generally speaking the goal is to release updates like the 8.11 Agent changes at the same time on Console. Generally if Console leaves something out, or adds something PC won't have, it's because we think there are different impacts to gameplay health, need to cook it longer, or something broke XD

I look forward to reading Neon feedback in the future!
He’s not comfortable on the agent; he was doing a raze to radiant series prior to any of the craziness starting so he decided to just keep going with the agent even though he clearly does not feel comfortable with her
Chat off lol
Q'ing into a trio or two duos, which leads to more than half your team being perma mute bc they talk to themselves. It's great that you want to talk with your friend but it's a team game, help me out a little...
You got unlucky.

The point of is ult isn't to just take a 1v1, cause even with the slight advantage within the ult it's pretty much 50/50. The point is to go in with your shield up, and try to get someone with op playing from afar / shotgun playing a ratty angle.

This way it's a garanteed kill and actually pretty good util.
The guy means it’s a visual bug on ur end, meaning it didn’t actual happen for everyone else
this video does a good job of outlining the difference between basically a demo and a real world app.

you have this running at a single place. now imagine this running simultaneously on 1000s of PCs simultaneously, and the packets being received from each of the players, by a single server. there are so so many other points to consider when something is being built at scale.

ofc, if it was higher up in riot's priority they would get it done. they probably simply don't care about us and the replay system.
he is not calm, because he shoots before aiming. Half of these they weren't even looking at him when they came around the corner he's holding, and instead of holding his fire until xhair is on head he starts shooting the air and then gets flicked and 1 tapped.
Sage is either the worst character who’s probably playing their first time, or someone who’s crazy good who doesn’t wanna get reported for smurfing, so they play a healer to outweigh their want to entry and get too many kills
Sometimes a break is needed, try not to play for a day and then come back maybe you will see some improvement :D
oh no she's cute
Some games are unwinnable no matter what you do but it’s about the odds. If you play consistently good you will win more than you lose, if you stack the odds against yourself by playing with someone that’s useless then you will consistently lose.
Yeah, monitor hz makes a big difference. Switched to 144hz after a long time on 60hz and I've never looked back
They want player retention.  If you could just grind a whole bunch and then take a break it would defeat the point of their goal of having as many people play for as long as possible everyday.    


I do think they should increase the cap though.
I'm so dumb. I thought the numbers were dates. I was so confused trying to figure out what weird arse date format this is lmao
This is pretty cool. So it doesn’t snap to head, it just gives you lower sens when you overlap with a body. So playing with cursor at head height is very pseudo-mousey in the sense that you’ll only have to micro adjust if they walk into you. Otherwise it’s full sensitivity for the sake of moving. 

People that are good on console probably won’t have too hard of a time crossing over platforms because you need to play the same way
I’ve been queued with him on my team twice (once on his main when he went sova and once on what I assume is alt where he locked in raze) and he just seems lost most the time lol. Chill dude but he plays like any other high asc/ low immortal player I’ve encountered with except he comms a lot.
It's still remains a good gun circumstantially in higher elo too, it's just like learning any other non-standard gun i.e Stinger/Judge both easy to grasp and play well at lower elo but still good as long as you can use the gun in higher elo
It's a competitive game, please treat it as such. Leave those shenanigans to the unrated queue.

- sincerely, any of your past and future teammates.
What is the disrespect to viper mollies in this thread, viper molly plus stinger one of the hardest things to push off a tight angle and should not be that good at medium range.
Being a "cypher main" on sunset is kind of a requirement. Crazy how badly one agent dominates the map. Such bad design.
How much rr did you get tho
If skins had a stock price, it just went up.
I've started a month ago (started ranked about a week ago), I just suck at the game but try to improve. Got my first rank up this week after a lucky streak. My aim is bad, I forget to check corner quite often and sometimes, I don't realise an enemy is an enemy... And that's when I know how to use my agents ability x)
Despite how boring that is to see in ranked every match, that's literally the point of those characters. Most but not all of their value relies on taking fights. The reason it's not as risky for them is because they take away lots of other valuable utilities other characters have like any initiators or sentinel on defense. Just think of them as an opposite sentinel tbh.
I think I developed a bad habit because of the guardian. I'm tapping on Vandal even though I should Tap-Spray.
Why is asking for a source a bad thing...
I think maybe because agents and bots are designed in a different way and hence abilities also react differently.
This might be silly, but the reason I don't want him to teach me, is so I can surprise him one day.
why are you so pressed anyway? OP said it was a nitpick and a nice little thing for the end screen
Playing this map is awful.
nah this is actually insane to me i’ve been watching him for over a year i don’t even know what to think
Nah, I’ve got that hidden
Just mute, I mute on a 1-strike policy - doesn’t matter if they’re trolling, screaming 11yo, berating teammates, or otherwise.
I'm almost positive, how do I check just to be sure?

(Dpi specifically, and can I set it manually, in say windows)
Anyone who doesn’t think the 2024 gun will be a Phantom is coping

As for the knife, they have a lot of options to choose from, but i hope it’ll be a Katana
Because aim and knowledge of where most players like to be.

It’s like dust2. You can almost certainly sit from car watching catwalk and if you’ve played enough you know right where someone’s head will be when they run across to A site.
Wicked shots, especially on neon damn
The default skin and name you chose are just huge red flags for me. 

Tells me you are either smurfing or cheating.  Not gonna get into an argument about either, but I find it suspicious. 

According to your tracker, this is a new account.  So curious as to why.
As an ascendant player I usually just give up and go look at crabs at the beach
I like to play alone tho 🥲
breeze leaving is so huge
*Says he's cracked in an Iron lobby*

"Why is my team running away?"
-5, iron 1. somehow my bullets spawn bots.
You can't control how other people react, but you can control how you perceive things. To me, In the beginning of the game, I'll talk normally with everyone, if someone would start doing those things they get muted. There's no reasoning with them, there's nothing you can say that will be like "Oh! What a fair point! I'll stop throwing!". Someone burps in agent select? Muted. A bunch of kids start screaming because our viper is a female? Muted. "gg" at the first round lost? Muted. Just do what you can to win, and don't try to have an effect on people that aren't worth it.
My friends and I (dia-Asc) still do “fuck it we ball” plays 😂
congrats on the ace i guess. but you’re a selfish teammate for ignoring the guy in hell and not even telling your team about him being there.
I’m 24 probably around 12 hours a week. Also if it makes you feel better this also happens to me from time to time. They call me old, I’ve been called old in this game since it came out…It doesn’t make any sense I feel I’m very much in the games target audience. The kids in this game can be weird. It’s mind blowing to them that you can be an adult, have a job and a partner and still have time for a game. That or they assume you have non of those things if your  playing and out of high school haha.
True CS players play on Stockholm to get flashbacks from Russian players
It really doesn't matter that much unless you are playing extremely organized teams.  The 2nd-4th person in site usually brings it so usually an initiator/sent/controller.  As long as it isn't on the first or last person its fine.   

If you are the sent/con and you want to carry it its fine.  You just don't want the first person on site to lose it, or the last person to get flanked and lose it leading to the take being stalled and collapsed on.
Yeah I’ve been contemplating going no comms for good, just really weird people that have kind of made my friends quit the game. It’s not worth babysitting kids in this game I’ll just play other shit riot
Umm this guy is literally using a lag switch? you hear the disconnect from PC notification.

You exposed yourself?
Console players are getting to discover the absolute dopamine pinnacle of the “Ace” fanfare and it makes me happy.
Neon, doesn't fit into a tac scooter imo
Do they have something for League? Or did they ever have?
The expectation is that you stay in the fight. Ideally the KJ would shoot the eye and allow Reyna and Jett to take the fight. Jett dashing out then re-peeking is just baiting their teammates as there are no trades.

It was a nice Ace though, some of those shots were crisp!
well im not in an educational program for young girls but i frequently meet with my old highschool friends which I also still play with... so kinda?
Somewhere in the code of the game(anti cheat system of the game) that runs on your machine, is a link to the image which has anti cheat dev team(image linked in the post).
this happened once where I was the teammate of the throwers and the next game they were on the enemy team and did that with me (where I was in OP’s position). Like shit… give me back the rr y’all stole from me 😭
It's Doctor Sabine, get it right.
Same boat as you, people complain silver gold as the toughest rank to get out of but its actually immortal 3. That 500rr every act is just tough.
or buy a online gift card on amazon or something and send him/her the code
It's not common...some issues were encountered so the night market was removed... it'll be back soon once the things are fixed
It's actually normal to find activities that are immersive while you process your feelings in the background.

Just remember to allow yourself to feel sad and not fight the feelings.

Terrible things happen and we must solider on. 🫡🫡🫡
tbh the only reason why i would pick raze and spending hours learning raze rn is because of her satchel. Its literally so unique and I think she has a really high skill ceiling
Omen bc I played reaper...
Shes just worse than omen rn after the suck nerfs. She needs the windup time on it reverted and then either cooldown buffs or her 5th star back.
Because its low ranks and most people would rather just try to clutch.
Cleave is super fun, i'm having a great time with them
Once I had a guy de-ranking on purpose. Bottom fragging and asking for weapon. He wasn’t obvious about his intentions but after a few rounds of keep on buying him he popped off like crazy so we asked what was with him at the beginning. That’s when he told us that he was doing it on purpose but changed his mind for we were so nice to him he just couldn’t ruin it for us.
oh no they meant opponents holding the market door from mid/pizza; you'd generally expect a peek from switch or close right since that's the normal way to get into market
My 65 year old mom got to plat and she has never touched an FPS game in her life before Valorant. If she can do it, anyone can.
It's Breeze. Every map has certain attributes that lend advantages to specific agents, such as Brim and Bind, or Fade and Lotus, but Breeze is so much different than any other map that all but demands one specific agent for 3 of its roles. If you don't have a Viper, your throwing. If you don't have a Sova, you're throwing. If you don't have a Cypher, you're throwing. If you don't have a Jett... you might actually be ok but could still be throwing. Sure every map has an ideal pick for an agent, but on Breeze the delta in usefulness between Viper and Omen, or Sova and Gekko, is gigantic compared to any other map.
Just play what you want bro what do you need our permission for?
For a lot of accessory lifts like lat raises or reverse flys it can be (though technically itd be 40 pounds total, 20 either side)
That or for whatever reason they have a vested interest in a certain game being dead. 

Even PUBG isn’t dead and no one talks about it. The metric for what makes a dead game is so much harder to reach than what people think.
i don’t think you can even call that playing valorant
Me, planting yesterday asking why my random didnt hold me while planting:

"I was on my phone I got a message"

Asc btw
Ikr, it's like a scarcity effect !! But this is just getting on my nerves, I'm only waiting for xenohunter that's it. I'm not buying anything else other than that.
Agreed. There's no "best" and only what you like/ prefer - don't let what others deem as "best" impact your decision to purchase. 

I bought the araxys because of the hype only to use for a few times and got annoyed because it sounded like roaches or beetles scattering around 🙃 

My friends, on the other hand, love the bug scattering sound and have only equipped the araxys to date.
they probably put in some more effort this time after seeing declining numbers in battle pass purchases
Replication with 5 sage.
The problem isn't just Reyna, it's how people use her. A good Reyna can still play smart, use comms, and help the team. It's the lazy players who don't want to improve their overall game sense that give her a bad rep
Supposedly you lose less RR the more rounds you win and the more you frag out - but sometimes it just feels impossible
Yep. Same with kayo flashes.

Phoenix, Skye, Yoru, KAY/O flash all SSS tier in high elo.

Pop flashes, with the minimal amount of prep are undodgeable
Welcome to the grind, in which you're expected to play for half a year to get to your previous rank. Enjoy.

Look at it like this, let's say you win 60% of your matches and lose 40%. And you win 30 and lose 20 on a loss, so your gain is 10 per win/loss. 

If your rank was Gold 3, and you're now Bronze 3, you'll need 100+300+200 = 600 to get to Gold 3. Neat. So if you have a 50/50 winrate it would take you 120 matches to get to gold 3, or about 105 matches if you win 60%.

So, how many matches have you played so far?
i'd imagine if you're burned out of CS/val you need a change of genre, maybe overwatch or apex suits you better
Spawns sucking is just something you get over. You respawn in no time anyways.



Rest of it are literally in-game scenarios. How is that not helping with your aim? Camping = practice common angles/crosshair placements, crouch spraying = practice micro adjustments to hit crouching, 1 taps = practice your movements/ peeks to get 1 tapped less.
honestly i would do what viper did man aint my type XD
Cryo my Stoic king
The sad thing is, I honestly believe that he became to delusional to realize just how bad he has been playing
No wonder riot won’t lower the prices.
Smokes won't "do nothing". They allow you to move to positions he isn't expecting. You will also have damaging util that can be used in combination with slows/flashes. Breeze is also very good for flanking
I think an easy fix to this would be to give players a ping limit option like they do in cs2 so you can play with players within a certain ping limit. I made a similar post to yours a while back and this sub clowned me for it lol.
not rlly that creative but having double stars on spike post plant. recall first star on tap, they’ll mentally feel safe and either stick it or if they faked theyll get back on it and then i stun/pull the second star and peek cause it’ll usually hit
It’s console, OP is probably one of the better players out there right now since it’s so new
LOL.
Ranks are an achievement because of the effort it took to get there. That depends on the person. If aspas hits immo 1, that’s nothing to him. For me, that’s almost an impossible goal. If I got up there, I’d be super proud of myself. For some random iron, maybe bronze was a huge struggle. If so, hitting it is an achievement.
thats part of the problem

a headshot from that range with a shotgun should absolutely be a kill
when the enemy lurking reyna always goes mid. So i wait in a rat spot for her and then when i kill them shift walking they complain “BRO WHY ARE YOU STILL MID, GO HELP YOUR TEAM!!!”
i’ve never messed with the third party apps that can make special crosshairs but maybe with one of those? idk
Looks like the server didn't register your shot because you died
You still see the shot at your client but the server just says no!
Seems fine & just like the video doesn't understand the system that well. Things seem to take generally the same amount of time, just with more choice. It doesn't appear that anything is being lost with the new system, only extra added.
Don't worry, ults have a mind of their own! They've mastered the art of sneak attacks.
Too bad pearl isn't gonna be in comp still
this is what I do in team deathmatch with gekko
One who's friendly and communicates, who isn't afraid to ask for certain util/help.
I got mine from watching Myth. Try him
I have an alt account to play with friends so they can actually have fun. If I play with them on my main, none of us hare having fun.
Much better than the current one, which means Riot won't implement it.
It's because viper is hotter
You're playing like you're used to. The things that made you win the last match usually won't on your current. Adapt.

But just be disciplined. Don't take stupid fights. Don't play when things are off. And let's say you're a Phoenix main but you feel like Sova could be helpful, don't. Keep your consistency and don't autopilot. Take breaks too.
what the heck lmao
No, I spend money on hobby’s I enjoy, if I didn’t spend it on skins I would’ve spent it on another hobby
Instalock your favorite agent every game. Get a map loading screen lineup for it and sweat that shit harder than a 1v1 clutch. only unemployed people get mad at instalockers and if they get toxic you just mute them and they lose.

The one thing I'll say is if you instalock, especially duelist, you forfeit the right to complain about other people's agent choice, and you can't ask anyone to fill. If you accept those terms then you have a bright future in instalocking and I wish you the best 🫡
You should've seen this game before running and running got nerfed. Literally YouTube tutorials would emphasize just running and running with phantom 5 meters or less.
Gyro aim is a term used to refer to aiming using motion controls in games, named after the gyroscope in a controller which can tell the software whether the controller is moving, at what speed and direction.

Waggle is a motion mechanic in lots of Wii games which arguably turned a lot of people off motion controls forever, as it forced you to wave a remote around instead of just pressing a button in situations where motion wasn't really necessary at all, they just wanted to utilise the motion controls as often as possible.

Modern motion controls don't use any of this and are much more streamlined and natural but many people are still turned off to it because of mainstream perception.
Haha first thing I thought when seeing this was whether its still acceptable to use that quote and I am glad that it is lmao
lol I think it’s funny when people scream “let him ace” or “let me ace” I just immediately shut it down, “nope keep playing normally, let’s win this”… unless it’s unrated, then we go for the aces and throw
I play on 800dpi .2 LMAO
I didn’t know this, but that definitely makes sense.
would you rather shoot a full HP opponent or 1 HP opponent?

if you really need vision on them it's not always ideal but if you have a teammate with damaging util or is able to spam it can help.

At any rate, teammates just like to complain.
I saw one of my opponent team use both they just walled off both sides after planting and camped us so hard with odins. Cheese strat but kinda works lol.
And the gecko flash who's like "I'm just passing by 👀" and goes completly unoticed
CLARA
The matchmaking's literal goal, the way it is **made to function** is to try its absolute hardest to push your winrate as close to 50% as possible. I cannot fathom how people don't seem to understand that every good game has a bad game. Every losing streak has a winning streak. Every carry session has a you getting carried. It is *literally* the point of modern matchmaking systems.
I love the idea of rerolls. It just adds incentive for people to want to spend money or spend more time on the game while helping out the community
That's if the raze doesn't double satchel to oblivion in the first place
At the same time they kinda just used a massive strawman that feels like a bit of a slap in the face to people actually empathetic and giving them a real solution other than throwing more gas on the fire.


Alot of the people saying "just mute" aren't coming from a place of justifying it most people saying it are saying it because there is no reason to continue to listen if someone has harassed you.  You report them and hope the system does its job I think some outrage is reasonable as well.
I think you'll be surprised with the amount of sites that do something similar when you open the browser's console.
Competitive is hard. It never gets any better either as you climb.

I just try to focus on going even with kills and deaths at immortal level.
I don't know why the audio is delayed but this is a very cool interaction.
"*Racism? Skill issue.*" 


-Martin Luther King jr.
I would agree with all the comments. Your forearm and shoulders would affect your mouse controling ability. But instead of changing your sense, maybe improve your hand arm control.  Your muscle memory is there it is just like whenever you dont play for a month, you forget how to control your mouse, and after a few games, you get it back it should be like that, I guess
Do you actually like every skin or it's just a hoarder thing
Bro it’s already hard, guaranteed one person has to sacrifice himself for the trip if we don’t have a yoru decoy 💀
Damn, valorant has new feature
I just hope it looks better in game as that frame just makes the skin look kind of ugly.
Valorants players will probably say overwatch is harder because we cant track for shit.

Overwatch players will say valorant is harder because we have one of the lowest ttk games there is and its a hard adjustment(probably)
Honestly at silver 1 there are WAY worse teammates you could roll into. Id take vibey drunk guy that plays pretty good and tries any day
Running it down in 4v1 as usual
This button deceives people into unwillingly spending VP and is reminiscent of the deceptive patterns Fortnite got fined for. Riot ought to refund anyone who requests one & change it. It's clear a lot of people purchased it unintentionally believing it was either activating the agent contract or using the new KC currency.
Yea mental is so undervalued by some. The amount of games I’ve won by just saying something positive when nobody else is saying anything is wild
yeah i learnt the common lineups for all 7 maps in rotation in like 2 hours the other day lol

used to having to do it on CS too

thanks man <3
I thought everybody new this was a thing lmao, many people have talked about it
Marshal is a great buy if you win pistol round. Usually just need a body shot for an easy kill.
3 uses I see most often:

* Giving away teammates locations
* Lying about flanker being afk
* Talking trash, more often about own teammates than enemies
YO THATS SICK!
They are also always focusing on breaking points, upshifts/downshifts, throttle and brake control, maintaining consistent lap times and other drivers near them. And in som racing series they also have to do adjustments to the car "settings" before every corner.
Ok I will
I like this answer.
Which is the exact opposite of how he was perceived initially upon reveal before anyone played him. Which is my point.

The community's most visceral gut reactions to new content have historically been dead wrong. Even as recently as Gekko's release lots of people thought lil bro being able to plant and defuse would be a huge game changer and that just hasn't been the case.

Maybe wait for it to actually get put in the game before declaring the entire gun meta busted idk.
Ah yes the German - Japanese friendship, where have I seen that before ?
Yeah, that’s why you need to call it out as it happens and not give him time to make shit up, it’s awkward as hell, I know, but not saying anything or listening to his bs will only make him more delusional
It's all fun and games till they start typing:

"Dearest sage, I hope this finds you well, I have been damaged thanks to an infuriating rule made by someone hit in the head with an apple. If you were to use your E ability - your heal - on me, I would be grateful."

Yours: Reyna
Yoru being Yoru
They are some of the biggest meta changing types of characters so probably the hardest or scariest to make.  So I don't blame them. I've also been happy with the current reworks to make more agents viable. So I'm not mad at all with their release cadence or type of agents.
"hey bro play your main or we're done playing ranked"

Simple really this is your friend be straight with it.
that’s something my teammates don’t know. i have to fill smokes a lot because low elo doesn’t like to play smokes and don’t really understand the importance of them
*the 149 curse*
Placing bets now that the next silenced gun will be called “Wraith.”
Highkey this knife is insane. It’s really not going to be released in NA? What’s the point of an exclusive? Make less money?
Buy a lottery ticket man
the concept of radianite is baffling to me. imagine paying to watch a movie in a cinema and then also having to pay for seating & for them to turn the projector on lol
I thought it was a Radiant with air powers that did it? (not Jett nor a spike explosion)
bring back replication and chaos ensues
>!Gold 2!<
Pro tip from a bronze player 

Alwys play sentinel, so your teammates won't expect anything from you , if you clutch , they will start thinking of u God , if u bottom frag , well u are a sentinel
If everyone has an op you will never have to play retake because you can just hard hold every site /s
Eh she was a niche pick that worked well for some teams, fracture she was meta, lotus some teams used to use her
Yea that same has happend to me too way many times, probs thats why I prefer vandal
she has, she used to have 4 soul orbs
The difference between Val and CS. People don’t respect comms, and letting the last person alive hear. 

So much of the Val base are these guys.
Fucking Jett. I bet that was the first and last kill they got that game.
I feel like Valorant would be a hard game to be entertaining in unless you're just amazing at the game lol.
So it’s unplayable lmao
Both r good and statistically phantom is better + suppressor as well and better first bullet accuracy and more spray forgiving in nature + no bullet tracers 


This is not CS2 where Ak >>> M4.
there’s a whole collection of good ones [here](https://tracker.gg/valorant/crosshairs/gallery) if you still need one
when you peek, strafe back into cover and repeek make sure to change the angle. For example, if you step back a bunch and then reswing u won’t appear as wide as u were last swing, completely throwing off the enemies crosshair placement
Yh hardmode bots a) learn from previous games b) can play off sound c)if they cant diffuse they save
It doesn't exactly get any better the more you rank up, Anyone who says she's only good in low ranks are absolutely coping as she has an extremely high pick rate even in the top 2 ranks in game just very low in actual competitive professional games, Her kit is just designed for oppression and selfish styles
It’s all just run and gun all along? Maybe I’ve been practicing incorrectly by standing still…
Raze mains the floor is a girlfriend challenge
Y'know that one butt scanner in monster vs aliens
Yea but I could just avoid all that with an appear as offline feature
Man I’ve tried and tried and can’t get the timing down on satchels. Any tips or good videos?
You only need to destroy the middle to make the entire thing disappear, though. You may have known that, but others may have interpreted it as if you needed to destroy each segment then the middle.
in what world is a fucking lootbox better?
You did well!
He walked out the smoke as you walked in and walked into hookah 
Whenever i shoot my shorty while standing still and closer to the enemy without iso shield they get damaged for 56 whilest you break their shield while jumping and one shoot them with second shoot
Omen is by far the best controller for solo queue
The viper ult example kind of contradicts how kayo knife interacts with sentinel traps and util? For example, cypher trips are placed and are sustained but are deactivated when cypher gets hit by the knife.
Returning to valorant after a few months off…some of the community are just always like that
Most casual WR holder. Good job 😎
I had no visible ping problems yesterday but was lagging very hard
I don’t play a lot of online games I mostly just play normal games with a story. It’s just been this, call of duty, and fortnite for me so I never noticed. I thought this was just the norm now because of inflation.
5 mins COPIUM.
1 hour later and still delayed LMAO
Tbh I love Chamber.
So I’m kinda on both sides of this issue.

Regarding the lack of content, I’m not convinced that “new modes” should be a priority. Valorant, at its core, is a tactical, competitive shooter. It was designed with esports in mind and the core modes reflect that. I would be very confident in saying the vast majority of players are in competitive, unrated, deathmatch and swiftplay, in that order. 

Only Riot has the numbers to show. And remember, Valorant makes money by selling battle passes and skins. In order to sell those, they need to make sure players are playing and are engaged. If a high enough population were actually playing the unique side modes, they would be invested in more, to ensure that the maximum number of players are happy. 

As far as map variety being involved, I’m kinda indifferent towards it. But the same rule as above applies - the small modes consist of the least number of players, therefore they have no real incentive to include all maps in those modes lol. 

I will agree that a replay system would be nice. They could be working on it, there could be a technical limiter, or there could be some financial limiter. I’m not gonna speculate. 

> We have reached the point in time where we desperately need some answers 

Uh, why? What’s at risk? Are the millions of daily players suddenly going to stop playing? 

Look, I don’t disagree that Riot could improve communication but there’s no need for this sort of melodramatic hyperbole.
bro almsot aced
This just in: low elo players are bad. The reality is theres gonna be a situation where you are the guy in the 1v3 and you gotta win it when they dry peek you 1 at a time
THIS 🙌🏼
maybe play close to a smoke with a judge since they cant clear with no initiator
Honestly, it isn’t about playing games that makes you uncool or anything. (From my experience). Rather the general reason people don’t like gamers comes from their hygiene and attitudes. I’ve met far too many “gamers” who would always have greasy hair, stink, and just generally not take care of their body. To me, I don’t particularly care for hanging out with people who can’t do the bare minimum for themselves.
sage deadlock harbor kj turret and chamber TP, bullets begone.
Fortnite’s battle pass should be the standard that all games should strive for. Gives you 2 skins off the bat, and if you grind it out fully it gives you more than enough to buy the next one.
At this point just try them all, your skill and knowledge will improve so fast that nothing can yet be set in stone.

From one game to the other you'll feel improvements so sticking to a single agent might no be advisable for your journey until you unlock the ranked mode.

If anything, Just play the one\[s\] you find most fun.
Breeze defense requires like six players 2 a main 2 b main 1 mid 1 hall. I feel like I’m just playing retake simulator when playing that map. Or the maps has an opening, someone flanks and kills us all.
Every time a duelist gets nerfed even slightly, people act like Riot actually showed up and killed their grandma
Yup. I noticed he said he lost viewers when he took a break to go to Madrid. But IIRC that was right around when the controversy came to light so I think that may have been more of the reason for him loosing viewers.
A 1v1 me bro mode just like codmw
The fastest way to unlock agents is to complete the daily challenges every day. Since dailies give you 600 credits, it would take 2 weeks to get enough credits just from dailies to unlock a new agent. To speed this up a little bit more, play more games of Valorant since you get credits after each game.
Me too, it seems after a couple of report feedbacks i got they seemed to always be accepted, maybe its to shut me up but who knows.
Omen punching air rn
The good old days of / +forward +left +attack1
Omen smokes have infinite range, blind has adjustable speed again, or ult gets buffed somehow (idk)
My agent phases end once they get a buff, similar to when Cypher got his buffs. Not fun when everyone else plays it imo.
> How does someone who was peak radiant drop down to iron 2?

Intentionally. This game has a massive smurfing problem in the low ranks but for some reason people get really defensive when you bring it up and claim it doesn’t exist.
Insane update, the snakebite shorty has revised art
Sometimes it takes the best boi to be the best girl
You can see your teams smokes on the minimap, but can't see the enemy smokes there.
1. Kuronami  
2. RGX

3. Oni

4. blub blub gun

5. Sentinels of Light
“Cool idea for an update. Best I can do is another night market. “
Same goes with Neon. Getting all ult orb on a shotgun round is basically a guaranteed ace.
No curry was harmed in the making of this post.

Seriously tho, fuck that guy.
What is this elo 😭 bro peeked over and over without even having to flash
jokes on you i forget the shield exists as iso
I think that's exactly the part that makes this whole thing so gut-wrenching for many of us, actually...

I don't think Hooj ever _needed_ to lie about his credentials. He could have built a platform as a coach without all that. There are literally pro Valorant coaches who are not top-level players!

But the fact is that he built an entire brand upon this ethos as a "Radiant player giving free VOD reviews", and now it turns out he was lying about all of it.

He lied from the start, kept up the lie for literal years, took _so much money_ from people who trusted in their "Radiant coach", and spoke from a position of authority _based on credentials that he was lying about all along._

This post (and Hooj's own admission) shows that _literally_ his entire brand is unethical. There's simply no defense for engaging in such large-scale deception for personal gain.

I'm usually one for nuance and holding your pitchforks, but the accusations are damning, the evidence is there, and Hooj's own statement straight up confirms that the accusations are true. This is as black and white as it gets, unfortunately :/
npc gatekeeping glitches that are already patched 😂 fucking loser
breach mains resisting the urge to util dump a single corner they have no info of whether an enemy is camping there (it’s my first time using that specific corner this match)
This has been a meme since day 1. Same thing with tank on Overwatch, and going back further, heavies and medics in TF2.

in TF2..

sniper: can we get some medics?
Capping the framerate to 75 is a bad idea because even when running at only 60hz the latency is lower with a higher framerate.
bro wtf 😭

bronze 1
Deep voice checking in. I have only been playing a month but it does get weird with women and men if I talk.
Words of wisdom, ez mute after one loud sexual moan from a prepubescent silver 2 male.
The first 2 guys ready for their "free frag" LMAOOO
Nobody needs to point out how 1000hrs in tac shooters and still in iron 1 0 rr is on a completely different magnitude
Kingdom knife is the rarest from the first bp in the game. If you mean in bundles it's probably an ugly cheap knife that is the "rarest". But, the most sought after BP skins is the Ruin Dagger.
If there was friendly fire there would be a ton of trolls purposely killing allies.
whats worse is when our team is struggling and my teammate starts trying to blame and bully me, so i hit f6
Holy utility usage. Goated Astra plays man, insane placement of that util having that mind to place a smoke around yourself before killing that Jett
Valorant sent out a tweet on Twitter/X which is now deleted that confirms (or at least very likely hints) that this capsule was supposed to be a free thing you’d get just by logging on during a certain time period. The fact they’re charging for this is insanely scummy.
Just wondering, why did you smoke off the spike?   
You're actually helping the enemy team with that haha!  
But clean shots!
Smurfing is bad and all, but holy shit the immense satisfaction of playing in a rank you were struggling in, to absolutely dominating it is just incredible.
Damn mfs in my silver gold lobbies be playing whole vct style matches
You do not get a lot of first bloods. You average 2 per game as a duelist main
People who tell you to do better when you are having a horrendous game. Do you honestly think I chose to play this badly? Even I want to get off when I’m doing that bad but I’m stuck with you until it’s over…
I mean it’s something I would definitely play every day for. If I can grind destiny I can grind valorant
As a hyperactive silver who loves to fill, I have found my controller.
There's a lot of misunderstanding about the Duelist role. A lot of people view it as the traditional "DPS" role in most games which tends to be the most popular, requires the least thought, and is the most fun since you just kill stuff. 

Then they play the game a bit and realize if they go first they die. They don't want to die, they want to get kills, like their "damage" role is supposed to do, so they bait instead.

I'm not really sure how Riot or the community can fix the perception of the duelist role tbh.
Yeah its kind of insane how dedicated they are to nerfing viper rather than making the other controllers more attractive to play. Especially Astra & Harbor.  
  
Eventually it's just going to get to the point where she was weak again & it's going to cause a host of other issues because people won't want to play Viper and but still won't want to play the rest of the roster either.
  
I enjoy playing Omen & haven't tried Clove yet but even as a controller main I would rather just start playing initiator/Sentinel than play most of the controller roster in it's current state.  
  
I don't get the stubbornness to do *anything* about other controllers, especially when we get a new controller like every 1.5 years.
I just take it upon myself to com. having even 1 person calling flank and basic callouts makes a big difference. Anyone who's over the top toxic just get muted.
It has nothing to do with the drama. It has everything to do with how stressful being a full time streamer is when you have options to have much better and secure money other ways. He says in there he cancelled vacations due to how much vacation away time causes subscriber count to drop. Full time content creation is incredibly stressful when compared to a more cushy salaried job which also likely pays better.
Yeah i don’t think Macs are bad but if you bought it expecting to play games like Val the faults 100% on you.
*drops diamonds player to gold* 

Player - "I ain't no gold scrub!" *grinds all season to get back to diamond while buying battlepass and skins along the way*

Riot - "heh nice"
> did pro play become a smoke spam stalemate?

Well yeah, double controller is so meta in pro play on a few maps (Pearl: Harbor Viper, Split: Astra Viper, Bind: Brim Viper, Lotus: Harbor Omen maybe?)

Especially since Viper is in 3 of these, the Decay and Vulnerability means that 2 Phantom shots can be enough to kill, so spray and pray isn't unviable :P
Some people spend money drinking clubbing etc.. You spend on skins.. It is ok, as long it makes you happy :)
RIIIOOOOT

LET KAYO ONE TAP WITH KNIFE, AND MY LIFE IS YOURS
Of course it's the same with Smurfs
NEED HEALING, CHEERS MATE
Riot will never message you on twitch.
Clove is already allowed in pro play.  
FPX picked her vs BLG  
[https://www.vlr.gg/319792/bilibili-gaming-vs-funplus-phoenix-champions-tour-2024-china-stage-1-w5](https://www.vlr.gg/319792/bilibili-gaming-vs-funplus-phoenix-champions-tour-2024-china-stage-1-w5)

This was just two days ago and i believe TMV etc have not released a vid on that yet, therefore you probably have missed it
this is one point that i see alot of people overlook. it gives u a massive chance to win a 1v1 that you just have to win
The new animation makes it looks so... fragile
I still call it out harassment, but the truth is I am a stranger on the internet and I have no power to change their behavior. All I can do is shame and mute them. If everyone were to shame and mute them immediately, these kinds of people may learn their lesson eventually, if only because no one talks to them. But instead people entertain them with their attention and reactions. Muting them is the first step to changing them.
Wouldn't 4 backshot kills be a great macro play though?
Aside from the cringe i felt for getting that skin without any idea where someone could be atm,

You need to focus on learning not too shoot before your crosshair is aligned. 

That should be your number 1 priority when it comes to your gunplay judging from that clip.
Yeah but if you go into a custom game and turn on respawn, the spike continuously does damage to you. So I don’t understand how it didn’t kill me after breaking my shield.
Not letting her pick up orb was a bad decision. Iirc all smokes can pull up a map to drop them wherever they please and can put down multiple. Viper only gets one and must be in line of sight and relatively close to accurately block. Then having to run over and pick it up was enough of a trade off to me.
You'll get used to it. I think it kinda balances it
They all had 100% KAST, you weren't kidding about the coordination
>gold cards or stuff from pre bundles not coming back

The exclusive items? The things they will specifically not give because you can only get them once and never again? The ones that riot banks on by not returning them?
I use vandal for attacking rounds and phantom on defense rounds. I may not do this if the enemy tends to go long range or the map is long with open areas
exactly. 

also they don't want everybody to buy them anyway. Because if everybody can buy the skins, then they won't have "premium" sentimental value. And less people will buy them in the long run.

They gotta sell them at a certain price point so that less but a healthy number of people buy them, and they feel like they got premium value.
Just a polite spooky boi
You save a couple of milliseconds. I think it's 6 if you counterstrafe. Its not useless just not necessary.
Unless he's low ELO, then it's instalock Reyna
Honestly really good speech. Lmao love how you found the lotus quote and just stuck with the theme throughout
Sharding
I bet that one guy who was super hyped for KAY/O to be in this trailer is crying rn
FRAUDULENT🤡
Sure but no one expects the one and done, small and short smokes from your sentinel to be precise.
>I learned that you shouldn't push in if you don't know who's there.

Unlearn this. This is what makes Valorant players stand around and do nothing.

This is a game of imperfect information. Even if you have two recon agents, you're still going to be surprised sometimes.

You have to take risks in this game sometimes. You can't avoid gunfights indefinitely. This doesn't mean you have to personally entry-frag, but you need to seek out duels sometimes.

I don't understand why people who play this game are so afraid to take gunfights, man. It's the central element of the game. Crudely speaking, you win if your team takes out the other team. And given how the game is played at virtually every level outside of pro play, it's effectively Team Deathmatch most of the time anyway. The spike matters, but it's really just what makes people confront each other to have said gunfights. It's like an ante or blind in poker; it drives the action but it's not typically the real substance of the game.

Edit: more granularly, you need to be able to systematically clear angles. This is where careful peeking comes in. Most Valorant maps are designed in such a way that you can basically peek one angle at a time if you're not being too hasty. Riot has done a really good job of avoiding 50/50 angles (this has historically been less true of Counter-Strike maps), and you can use util to make certain angles safe for you to either breeze past, eliminate (like with a molly), have an advantage with (flash), or ignore (smoke, generally).
I love the don’t play chamber, he’s not a bad character he just doesn’t cover space the same way cypher and kj do
Yeah I don’t think people realize that this game is a grind to get good at like many games, especially if you’ve never played MnK games
Yeah lower elo players don’t really care unless they are one ult orb away usually but in pro play, both teams make an effort to contest and grab the orbs basically every round, usually prioritizing KJ ult or breach ult
Ange1 is 34 and he's top of the table in vct emea. I've seen 40 yr olds aim better than most teens. Your aim and good habits won't go away, only your reaction time gets slower. And in valorant good crosshair placement is more often than not the only thing needed to hit your shots.
I personally think its more of a low elo problem cuz with odin u can spam without caring, but opponents do not have that good of a reaction time against the spam and thats only cuz they r in low elo, in high elo most will get one tapped regardless of what weapon u or opponent have.
Thought you were joking at first lol
I'm so serious about that last bit; In my opinion, the Sentinel role is the most poorly balanced role in the game BY FAR
Rip stretching my economy in ranked
I think Riot serves the whales, they don't care about shrimps.
Yall struggling on ulted reyna. Im struggling with ulted hatless cypher. I swear his head is 50% smaller without his hat.
As a grizzly bear of a dude, I am going to enjoy beating opponents with my magic wand and my four multicoloured pets
testing your aim apparently
Breeze is the bane of my existence
Idk because the games where you grind it out and make a massive comeback, while extra-long, are usually the best experiences, which imo is what we should be playing the game for. To improve a bit and have some fun doing so. What makes people quit is probably lack of time. They'd rather get this game that's (in their eyes) already lost over with and on to the next one because they have a limited amount of time and want to squeeze in as much as possible.
Got sent to the shadow realm
I watched him for a while because I liked his walls, but I found out from 2 of my close friends that they played against him once in ranked and were winning and he was acting like a sore loser, calling one of my friends a cheater at the end lol.  Don’t wanna generalize but it seems like there are a couple famous streamers with huge egos that you may never expect.
People have been datamining the game since beta. If it existed & was scrapped long ago chances are we would've known. We know of several scrapped agents as a result of datamining as is.  
  
This skinline defense is also incredibly weak. Especially given that they regularly release skins for guns that didn't get them upon the first go around. And from a players perspective, I generally don't buy skins for guns I don't use regularly and given the prices I imagine many players are the same way.   
  
So if a new gun were to release im probably not going to buy a skin for it until I know I'll use it regularly, especially before it's been out for at least a few months.  
  
It wouldnt surprise me if Riot has similar player purchasing behavior data stats which would naturally influence when and how they decide what skins get made & when they get released. Hencewhy there's so many phantom/vandal variants.
KAY/O has such a low win rate because people thinks he’s easy, but he’s not. He needs lots of lineups and team coordination to perform properly. It’s better playing Phoenix in ranked rather than him. For Omen, his win rate is pushed down heavily by Clove + in the past he was used for a lot of filling - I’m not sure to what extent he’s used for fill picks since the release of Clove, but I’m sure some people still do it.
" dont sweep the floor" is a good one. You looking for pennys? Is what i asked usually
I would choose Omen. Ability to make people paranoid and teleport for short/long distance would be enough to achieve anything. Manipulate with brains and be everywhere ? What else you need.
I think if you were to watch a recording of your own game you'd realize there's a ton of obvious mistakes happening every round at that rank. During the match you're focused in yourself, so it's not as obvious.
4 backshots back to back is crazy

We still talking about val?
Sometimes you get killed with your knife out lol, nevertheless it’s still correct to take it out
Definitely worth aiming for, or you won’t hit your shots 😌
Actually I believe this is an insanely specific case where casting the smoke (the animation of it flying out) blocked the flash (went directly over it at the exact right time), and normally being in smoke form wouldnt block flashes. I could be wrong though
More colorful with cool characters and a more diverse playerbase, and friendly for casuals like mee.
The amount of times I've died to someone oogabooga'ing through is painful (Deserved, but still painful)
You can play any gun only. People have done shorty only and classic only to immortal or even radiant.

That being said, the bulldog is a fantastic gun, because it's effective for its low price. But that's the thing, if it cost more, it wouldn't be so good.

It has worse accuracy and recoil compared to vandal/phantom (at least when not using ADS), and it can't one tap an enemy with any kind of shield purchase. It's a great gun for anti-eco or when you can't afford anything better, but yes, if you want to be competitive you must practice either phantom, vandal, or ideally both.
Riot: "oh no..anyway"
"we" don't. I'm not 12 years old.
indie game company moment
More like they are testing prices elasticity. If it sells less than other bundles they will reduce prices
Not really. I've been playing destiny and the PvP community in that game is so mean. but games are shorter so I guess if feels like less.
Different elo. 

NGL I dont think you high elo players even realize how insane low rank is lmfao.
Exactly. A map voting system would make it seem like theres even less maps
precise gunplay
We got the answer for this confirmed in a dev interview a few years back!

>Q: A question came up earlier where they were asking if you have had to make some creative compromises due to budgetary situations \[...\]  
  
>  
>A: Probably for us, it’s less about budget, it’s just more about… like, there are always self-imposed constraints \[...\]   
>  
>From a visual point of view, it was developing a style and visual language \[...\] that highly supports readability. Like, if you look at the characters, you’ll notice that **the head and the body tend to have brighter colors than the pants down. That’s from a gameplay point of view, as your brain is seeking around, those are the targets players are seeking for.**

\- Riot KingKut, VALORANT's Creative Director, in an interview with Carolina Ravassa (Raze's VA) [timestamped link](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/1064267070?t=0h29m52s)

&#x200B;

tl;dr: white (and other bright colors) are eye-catching/distracting and the game wants you to be able to focus on the head/upper body
I love how anytime replay system is mentioned, Riot apologists come out of the woods to say that 'it's not that easy'. This game should have LAUNCHED with a replay system, the fact that we don't have it years after release is a joke.
Because high ELO players don't have weird hangups and stigmas about using certain guns, and think only in strategic terms

To be fair, there are low-elo players who don't care about that stuff either
He flanked from middle?
What the hell is this comment section? Here's a teenager mature enough to admit they're addicted and you're telling them to double down?
It's always annoying when it happens.
They then lose the game with a 1.5 KD and wonder why they lost.
Average Jonas got 34.000 acs in a game while playing deadlock. Some weird interaction between omen ult and DL ult. He dealt 900.000 damage to Omen If i remember correctly.
I may be in the majority here, but I hard disagree. I have loved the changes they have been making when they nerf agents across the board.

Making agents and utility weaker makes the game less of a clusterfuck, and forces people to be more proactive and precise with their utility usage, and also allows for more dry gunfighting which is more fun to play, and more fun to watch.
It's the start of the new Episode, naturally most players will be placed lower than their previous ranks. Your MMR is still the same as a gold player meaning if you're on a win streak or have been performing well you'll get back to gold in a few games.
this seems like some investigation i gotta do tomorrow i was just curious for no reason
Either you actually play with this terrible motion blur on, or you added it in post because you think it made this clip look better

Both are cringe
I think he’s supposed to be one of the best agents lore-wise so his airhead persona is just an act
Brother if you can, just switch and ditch this server alongside with stockholm, it's beyond saving, and you'll do yourself a huge favor if you play on london. I mean, there are assholes everywhere, it's just that london has less of them, also, when you meet a good teammate, add them, the experience will be much better that way
I cant be the only one that counterstrafe anyways because it feels better to stop moving with a press of a button rather than letting go of a button… no ? only me ?
Does does clove hide inside s0m with a shorty 🤔🤔🤔🤔
when youre on a corner you jiggle and shoot then swing wide
When Riot makes a new agent, its pretty obvious they have an intended playstyle for them and want to force a new type of meta. 

For Deadlock, based off the trailer, they clearly want people to use her sensors on spike plants and default spike locations.  

I think the fact that you can shift walk past a sensor shows that they want to discourage you from using it like a normal anti-flank trip. 

I bet you could make Deadlock work pretty well in a duo-queue setting and make some cool combos with other agents.  There is a lot of potential for her but most people are playing her as if shes another Cypher or KJ.  I've seen some streamers mess around with her and make some pretty cool set ups and combos that would do really well in a solo/duo queue comp match.
1 Immortal v 5 irons custom
My most memorable moment is the game when we were 2-10 and they were shit talking us constantly. But, my team team did not give up and we were all really positive to each other even though we were losing horribly. We lost pistol and I thought for certain it was over 2-11 and we decided to force and from there we went all the way to 12-12 and won overtime.
Crouch shooting isn't always bad, for example, the Phantom can benefit greatly from a crouch spray. For the majority of gunfights/weapons, crouching just makes you an easy target. For a silver player, I'd try to use deathmatch to break the habit over time. Once you replace crouching with strafing, bursting, and deadzoning you'll be a monster in those silver lobbies.
So we’re in copper
Goodddaim
Not really, you're in low elo so it's nice that you're trying out the characters. But definitely try to lock some down as you grow. Watch pro vods and just yt vids to see if a catch your eye and if you're decent enough, spend some time learning. Being a full is great but you should be able to play them at a decent enough level.
Watching this!
THAT GUYS NOT GETTING INVITED EVERY AGAIN
Yoru's tp doesn't go through it from I've seen on streams unless it's been changed already. You can have a tp before it goes down on the other side and go through, but it doesn't go through the wall itself if it's already down.
I personally think Clove has been around since at least the 80s since that was when pet rocks were popular and the time period DnD is most associated with.
   
I do also love the mental image of Clove going "foolish mortal, the fleeting concept of gender is beneath me. But also they/them" when asked about gender and pronouns
They won't even do a simple ping when the enemy team is planting the spike, the only way you'll know is when the woman says "spike planted".

But they do comm sometimes though, only when they want to insult you or order you around, like they think you're just a guest in their game.
it's a bug
That was incredibly lucky holy you were a second away from getting shot.
Make an alt to play casual gamemodes with your friends/girlfriend. You're not ruining anyone's elo then
The real question is why are you making that play with an op?
The animation is currently bugged, Riot is aware and working on a fix
You guys pay $75 for this shit in the first place anyways? That’s enough expense for me when every other free game I play has bundles with tons of cosmetics in them for only $25, doesn’t have to be 9,900.
I mostly saw and used her in breeze, the map is just too perfect for her
If it took you Fortnite OG to figure that out, I don't think the lack of comparative value was the issue to begin with.
also:

ns = nice shot

n1 = nice one

wp = well played

gj = good job
Style points generally doesn't win you games though
Babe wake up, its time for another post about replay systems leading to nothing.
Double confirmed, source I live in OP and his father's walls
Phantom headshot, ghost headshot, sometimes i think the vandal headshot through an obstacle, basically all headshots that is not killing you
Hes chill. Dont see a place in the meta though
According to stats from trackergg its Harbor and Deadlock (0,7% and 0.9% pickrate)
You get the agent immediately after buying with KP.
astra looks cool, but I don't care for her gameplay
How did 100x become 10x, is this diminishing happiness h over time t? h/t^2 - h/t^1 = 90x. Kidding congrats on your new buddy buddy :D
The more I get annoyed by the enemy champ the more likely it becomes my main
And then you're going to see her some more because she's just very good in disorganized play.
Great call, honeslty make it a bundle with Jinx's odin, Vi's Gloves and Jayce's Hammer
The undercut is an insane ability if u coordinate it with ur teammates
You are missing the point or you are in denial. Not only do you have the lowest FB I have seen while checking both pros and randoms in my games at 2.0, there is an even bigger issue that I don't see anyone calling you out for. YOU DIE FIRST A LOT LESS THAN OTHER DUELISTS. That means not only are you not getting first bloods, you are actively avoiding duels and baiting your teammates.

You stats : Clean, embarssing 2.0 FB/Match. More important though 54 first deaths in 23 matches. I will acually create my own little stat just to prove a point. I will take your FB+FD and divide them by the number of games you played, so we see how many engagements you seek at the begging of a round. 52FB+54FD= 106ENG in 23 matches. Let's call them FE (first engagements): 4.6 / match

[Eggster](https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/Eggsterr%23NJLTC/overview?playlist=competitive): 3.56 FB/match (288) with 307 first deaths in 80 matches.  FE: 7.34 / match

[Cryo](https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/100T%20Cryo%230001/overview?playlist=competitive): 3.6 FB/match (144) with 106 first deaths in 33 games. FE: 7.57 / match

[Tarik](https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/SEN%20tarik%231337/overview): 3.44 FB/match (165) with 151 first deaths in 46 games. FE: 6.89 / match

[Kaemi](https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/Kaemi%23NA1/overview): 3.43 FB match (137) with 124 first deaths in 40 games. FE: 6.5/ match

Not only are you not getting those first bloods, you are actively avoiding them and baiting your teammates. Someone mentioned [Woohoojin](https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/Woohoojin%23COACH/overview) (with 5.4 FE), and I would agree with them, if not for the fact that while he is "struggling" with a .99 KD, you are "fragging out" your games by your own claims. You get pointless non impactfull kills. Not only that, but you are effectively smurfing, you are an ascendant in plat. You should be laying those kids down and owning the game.
Because it would just make her a knockoff Cypher/KJ. They’re trying to make her a more “dynamic” sentinel like Chamber/Sage
Huh? U  lose less against higher rated opponents is what he meant..
Yep. Literally Ascent lmao

Even the backsite on B and gen & dice on A
There are only two guns in this game where you should 'spray' in every scenario: the Ares and the Odin.

Even the Phantom wants you to shoot in bursts.
I mean, couldn’t the same thing be said about Omen? He tried to kill her but got got instead
Ok my bucky doesn’t do THAT
Bro that Skye 😭
Dw man, it just shows you have a good team
I just like to commend your improvement. That's incredible, going from those stats in Gold just a few episodes ago to a shockingly high K/D in Ascendant. My low elo take? You are gonna get there bro
>i’m also sick of being flamed for my accent.

You mean you don't like being called a roadman every game because you're from UK? Or the original - 'Bo'Oh O' Wa'ah'?
People love saving on buy rounds and buying on save rounds its hilarious
That is a sick smoke, but is that smart to use in most situations?  I feel like most times youd rather smoke off the actual entrance
Enemy Reyna skilled player but that is not normally, This very very insane....They need to check him pc and game.....Maybe he not cheating but maybe he using the game deficit ...and this cant seem on game screen..He needs to check-up....
Just another smurf boosting his ego in low elo.   
Only one thing is more cringe: Posting it and bousting with them lame kills  
shame on you kid
ngl ulted clove either gonna ace or instantly die (probably instantly die in most cases)
waiting months for these tiny buffs is insane
Thank you for your comment! I am aware that they are part of the game, but I had no idea they were found in the maps like this. 

What a fascinating Easter egg!
getting one tapped when you peel an angle doesn’t have to do with aim. when you peel an angle if an enemy sees you and you re-peel they’re already aimed where you are so you get one tapped. 
it’s not the aim it’s just just game sense
Incentivizing getting knife kills is bad for the game.
Because they want to practice crosshair placement. Or they want to practice discipline. Or they're just playing to win. Whatever they're doing, it's not your problem. Just play the game.
How could this possibly be related to you reporting someone and them getting penalized ?
Although you don't hate smurfing as much as other people do.
You won’t gain RR on a loss and vice versa, but MMR is an entirely different (and hidden) rating.
I’m honestly not sure. Combat report says the shield took 1500 damage. No one else shot you. The only thing I can think is that somehow the raze hit you with the rocket during the activation period of the shield and somehow managed to bust through it. Definitely not intended. Really unfortunate
Iron 1 with Gekko unlocked, this account is worth like $250 to a YouTuber.
You don't charge your ult with rounds, what are you talking about?
Same
Hardware as Razer and Wooting is allowed. But anything that works with en external software is not allowed. 

But snaptap is honestly pretty useless in Valorant in my opinion compared to cs.
Rito can't be bothered. And people watch content. So it continues.
But… isn’t Reyna’s sister alive?  And doesn’t Viper take care of her?  Huh?
It’s because she’s shit
bro is that good that opponents want to report him
What enemy color do you have? I'm colorblind and no matter how often I watch it I don't see him before he moves.
It's almost like people can ask a simple question on a website designed for it
‘THIS DEADLOCK ULT IS TOO SCARY!’ Dumbledore said calmly, as he proceeded to run and gun with a marshal in an attempt to free his teammate.
Kayo is recommended for cs players playing Val. Has a classic flash and a Molly
You should check speedrun.com and see if there’s a section for this; if not you should make it one and post your time!
greatest Iron 1 defuses*
Everybody that complains about this gun or that gun are so funny to me. If you think it’s that OP, try it out - it’s really not.
First, go to stats>gameplay>shooting error, and turn on BOTH, if it is blue, that means you are moving. If it is orange, it means you are standing still. The problem you may encounter is that CSGO movement has a higher skill floor, but lower skill ceiling, due to counter strafing being a 1-fix all solution until faceit 7~. In valorant, due to almost instantly stopping, you can DO more. Valorant also accelerates FASTER then CS, at least at the beginning of the speed curve. This in combination with less forgiving movement error can make the game FEEL clunky, especially when you are used to CS ice skater movement. For example, counter strafing is unnecessary, due to the faster stopping. Feels like a skill cap, until you realize you can insta stop into moving the same direction. Also, valorant is WAY more punishing when it comes to spraying. This is due to CS having spray patterns. Not saying one is better than the other, but in valorant you can’t just croutch spray when things get tough and expect super consistent results. 

All in all, valorant is a DIFFERENT game. The games are NOT just flip flop mechanics and get results, they are different, and should be treated as such. Do not play Val like it’s CS, you will find scattered success. Play valorant like it’s valorant. Don’t say “oh that woulda worked in CS” say “why did that not work? What could I do better in that situation?” etc. Best of luck, and hopefully you don’t just devolve all arguments to “but cs”
They’re still in the subway in the valorant timeline
Kuronami/Xerofang Vandal and Sovereign Guardian/Phantom to name a couple.
Watching his discord chat destroy itself RN
It is indeed a step, but only a step. If someone is toxic but doesn't say an actual slur or clearly offensive phrase (especially in voice chat) not much happens.
“Lovers by choice”, “cousins by chance”
Agreed, change that crosshair once you get used to not running and gunning

The purpose of the default corsshair is to teach new players about movement error, and I think it's pretty successful at doing that
Toxicity in Valorant coming over from most games 👹

Toxicity in Valorant with League as your baseline 🤗
on reyna's pov it's hard to tell even what happened, Gekko's pov is way cooler almost cinematic even.
The 9 matches will be leveled out eventually OR you are going down to your real rank.
Because it's the biggest pain point in the game for players of a large majority of skill levels.  It's pretty simple.
Smurfing is allowed, that's why he isn't banned.
Is that a real line, cuz thats phenomenal oml
First it’s Insha Allah , second it’s not haram .
Probably not, but it's something that will go under the "Actually, yes it was a bug" title, so Rito can have an excuse.
He was in the corner, but above.
Crouching on top in the ult
Yeah, go practice dying mid every round in Unrated please.   


A person peaking mid every round in a competitive isn't likely going to make them better. After the 3rd round, the enemy team (if they're not morons) will realize what they're doing and just kill them every round. From that point on, it's never a 50/50 (fair fight) because they expect it and will act accordingly. The only thing they'll achieve is throwing the game for the rest of the team.   


Source: My Reyna on Haven yesterday wide swung B on defense about 9-10 rounds in a row. She got a kill maybe 2 of those rounds. Fuck you Reyna.
Truck-kun, what are you doing? Im not ready to be isekai'ed
All the time. I would probably be ashamed if I added up all of the money I've spent on this "free" game
Drop your tracker, often times in dm if you perform well, you will be placed with players way higher than you rank. When I was in silver I would constantly be placed against diamond and ascendant player so I wouldn’t be surprised if you experiencing the same thing.
Playing Yoru can really only go two ways

1. Your TP + flash + decoy combo makes everyone shit themselves while you single handedly clear site
2. Someone was watching that TP
Let it be known that I am rotating (switches dpi up)
-  Weak on defence as a solo smokes and very few ranked teams play double smokes
- Most effective with set execs on attack…good luck with that in ranked
I'm very far from a master, but as a long time CS player, there are some key things consistent players wouldn't have done in both teams.

Whoever has the clear advantage and should win the round proceeds to take an action that just helps them throw that advantage out of the window, which are things high ranked players don't do.

1. Sage wouldn't have taken a 1v1 fight in a 3v1 scenario. She could've walked closer to gain space and double peek angles. They had plenty of time left on the spike, so going at least 2v1 and trading your frag is a no brainer.

2. You used your first grenade too quickly. One player was detained and the other was too far to trade Sage's frag. Throwing the grenade was good because you had the space, but activating it wasn't and it was basically wasted utility.

3. With that said, you're in a 1v2 and you know one player is detained. To add, you know where the other player is coming from. Taking that next 1v1 is the best action because you have basically all the advantage you can get. If you don't take it, you give them space to set up a 2v1 if they wanted to.

4. You had 4 bullets left, you had a grenade activated that you knew wasn't deep enough (so the player could have been holding your angle), you heard no click on the spike and you still decided to peek and fire 2 bullets in a 1v1. Just reload and get ready for the gunfight instead of putting yourself in an even worse position to take the duel: you further confirmed your position to the enemies and you wasted two bullets.

5. You pulled a Classic and went to fight Sova even though you had no reason to. You're in a 1v1. All you have to do is waste time and instead you went to gift Sova the easiest duel of their life. If Sova is droning, all you have to do is let them drone and waste their own time doing it.

6. Lastly and definitely not the least: Sova droning clearly shows that player is not high rated. After you fire your two bullets after the grenade is activated, Sova can almost pinpoint your exact location. There is no reason to use the drone.
Maybe. Have to remember, there's new agents since the last time we had icebox. Maybe the meta for A site changes with that in mind
She is going to be one of the most fun agents in the game. As a controller this is very good for the game.
I’ve never heard it once.
He just said what your own text said 😂
we mesh well on every game we play, our games range from mlb the show, madden, ea spirts pga golf, overwatch, rainbow six siege, for honor, multiversus, dead by daylight, idk why they are against valorant, they nustvhave seen some cringe tiktok
Balance in all things.
She didn't generalize, nor even target that "group" of people that you've repeatedly brought up in this thread. You're misinterpreting her statement. She acknowledges muting as a tool players should use, but says that doesn't mean Riot should settle with that being enough, hence these updates introducing stricter and quicker punishments.
In this case Gekko is probably better since his flash doesn’t blind his teammates.
Yep, it checks out. Definitely 5 bullets.
honestly this would be such an elevation in gameplay, but then  you'd have no comm players pretty much always playing against each other, essentially creating a separate teir  within the same rank, which could upset the ranking system as a whole pretty badly.   Maybe just banned from comp if you refuse to comm, but then again to your point, there would likely be troll reporting happening. I feel like this idea reminds me of the vote kick system in CSGO, where you'd have a group of people who just decided that they were going to troll/ kick you and let their smurf friend use your body.
Well I am relatively high elo (peak asc3) and I still prefer the old way, the old way was much easier to notice imo
broken mm is a feature, not a bug in this game
Japan in general isn’t as nice as people make it out to be.
We found Joe's cousin.
Util saves when you die
Yes mouse movements were me to keep up with the pace of the game but all movement, shooting and utility were voice commands
The next round its the other way around but you wont notice. You are just like "yea i got that kill because i played good" not even considering that the reyna just played bad.
Definitely, taking a body off site when going for a rush can work so well, even if Iso loses the duel its easier to take site because you’ve taken a defender away from defending.
You get an advantage as Iso in your ult since you can be behind one of the two barriers while he knows where you are. So it’s also a tool to isolate a favorable 1v1
If they were fire, the "knives" would be Scorpion's!
Yes, thats a good point. You would be better off charging phoenix ult, though, since sage puts you on 100 hp.
Lmfao true. Omen hijacked riot games and nerfed her
I play both, i am generally better in CS than in Valo, but i am unfortunately half blind, and despite liking CS more, i just see much better in Valorant, the simple textures, bright maps, enemy outlines, less clutter etc. Its just a more "fair" field for me and less frustrating. But the gunplay and movement in CS is superior, Valo is just simpler in every sense, except the abilities.
Thats so me lmao
light armor

If you think the opposing side is going to buy light armor, outlaw is better.
Galvanized Steel, Wood Veneers, Expansion Screws
Air horn by far. It annoys the people who queue with me so much because it’s all they hear in buy phase lol
Duelists will always have an edge in the "best player" conversation, but still... right now it has to be aspas.
Radianite is kinda like MCU's vibranium. "Super rare and powerful material that does whatever the story needs it to be done and people from multiple realities want to fight over a small supply of it"
Nice movement ☺️
There isnt really. All the dome smokers are fine on every map except breeze and icebox where you need a viper, and pearl where you really should play astra unless you play omen as the mid player..
Instalocking is completely fine, just don't demand roles from others. In fact, please please try to avoid filling below immortal, it just actively harms your team more often than not.
I can guarentee you, you could teach a 55 year old mother of two to be good enough to reach platinum. 

Ranks are separated because not everyone puts it the same level of effort to improve if they are not naturally talented. Watching guides and doing aim training means nothing if you're not doing it *the right way*. 

Practice doesn't make perfect, *perfect practice makes perfect*.
only bad players assume scenarios to have binary options with no room for variation. change my mind.
The pistol kills were so crisp
The lower rank the more casual you are and dont care about winning as much as having fun. And if theyre getting stomped theyre just gonna move on and not have fun.
riot will immediately ban them if reported. you cannnot cuss people out in any way. ive been banned 3 times for saying "stfu" each time is a week ban from comp
We all want a phoenix like that , 
That gives entry to site when planting ,
That defends the site with a 'flash'
Can confirm, got diffed by Enzo in dm, at the time I was in gold.
no one bought him when we were on a save
Praying for store rework, expansion, etc (I know it won’t be happening)
That ghost one was the opposite of satisfying (no offense tho, wp)
Yeah, he kinda respected it as well. Was kinda funny when we started steam rolling and closing in the rounds, then at 12 he said "fuck it you guys let's just win this", then he went satcheling in for us and we all got a good laugh
This was very well made compliments to the artist and thank you for posting it
Is it a big difference? Yes. Is it a roadblock to improving? Not really. People hit high ranks on 60hz. If you want to make the switch make sure you computer actually gets above 60FPS.
The headline really makes it sound like he’s retiring because of the tournament ban and past racist comments. But the article itself highlights that he was benched by KRU and not signed for this newest season (on any team) and so he’s retiring because he can’t afford to keep playing esports without a contract that pays him enough to support his family.
Could have taken a better picture tbh but okay
i keep a collection of friend requests pending just so i can pull this off to people i met MONTHS ago. it’s so rare for it to work but it always makes me giggle when i get a “???” in all chat
>You’re going to see her constantly until you start ranking up.

Not really. You can see this data how reyna is a top 3 agent in high elo as well 
https://www.zleague.gg/theportal/all-valorant-agent-pick-rates-in-2023/
I forgot the unranked game modes exist, why tf would they ban maps on those modes lol
Fav is kyedae but I love the tarik VC watchparties

Least is jollz or this WestJett guy who keeps appearing on my home page
looks like a stupid fuckin waste of time to me
it is
Average kj main
I guarantee you there are neon out there who blame sova for not destroying the tripwire when I am the culprit
I guess it's fair in that you never need to spend a dime on the game. You'll get a few free cards and buddies here and there and some pistol skins can be reasonably grinded either for agents or battlepass. And practically every game will have players with at least one premium skin which you can pick up.

Basically you'll get to experience pretty much the entire game for free. No pay to win stuff at all.

Whatever their way or prices for cosmetics are, they are just that, cosmetics. It's up to the players of they want them. Riot are a business afterall, and they need to make money. And in that way, their pricing model and cosmetics are "fair". It's as close to a win-win situation for riot and community as you can get.

CS skin market is better, because you can sell your skins, but if you like an expensive one(something over hundreds of dollars), you need a lot of money. Pros and cons to both but fair enough in the end.
I met a Neon yesterday. He was rushing the enemy on defense and getting killed instantly. He was top fragging but we all were only a few frags behind (as if it matters). I said 

"Don't run after kills bro"

"But that is what my role is bro"

"Your role, just like everyone, is to help the team win"

"Don't think so. I'm a duelist and my job is to get kills. It's your job to capitalise on that and win."

"Do you really expect me to trade you after you sprint behind enemy lines using your E? And btw none of your kills are first bloods"

"Keep crying"

🤦
My group also thinks haven didn’t have much to change, and seems to me the consensus of the masses. But i feel like riot will change things regardless to keep the game continuously changing.
I think this is what it'll be and it would make her so useless and predictable Holy
Lmfao that is definitely not supposed to happen
Soon to be Clove every rank. They actually created a true ranked demon surpassing even Reyna.
Nah this is it
I mean, strenght-wise, sage is more or less useless in high elo according to coaches. But if you are good on her, play her, cuz they also say play who youre good on
Seems to be multiple Riot games. League has problems too.
Yeah like the average Valorant player could punch someone in the face. LMAO.
who needs iso's shields when you have aim like this xD well played g.
Woohoojin got me out of bronze, dudes the goat
No one really cares 

Plus just about everyone acknowledges that cs2’s cheater problem is rampant 

I have seen people in the cs hacks sub talking about how they cheat in Val, but it’s probably a lot less
100% Skye flash. Used for info, insane blind duration and self sufficient in solo situations where you can just pop flash and win free fights.
people are afraid to talk because as soon as you do you open yourself up to get flamed by the guy who has 2 more kills than you do
Bro hs percent doesn’t matter as long as it is not like really low from what I’ve observed. Like as long as you get the kills it’s good.
people who hate the odin are always low rank and their aim is too shit to simply one tap them with a vandal. that's why you don't see high rank or good players complain about it.   
above gold it's only good for wallbangs.
This is normal, your hidden rank (mmr) could be higher than your visible rank
Bro's map awareness is just amazing.
can’t wait for the chamber and iso gay sex cinematic
who said they dont?
Yeah I’m not reading all of that
They mentioned it when they revealed the new system.  They said to unlock everything you can before the new system comes as if you didn’t unlock it you need to get it the new way now.
just saw their profile and wow. this guy purposely deranks with a 5 stack, then queues with a friend (in comp) to stay in their duo's rank range and then the ex-radiant completely dunks on the enemy team. unfortunate u ended up against them, but this is a super rare case. there will always be smurfs in this game and u just gotta hope u dont run into them.

on a side note, why dont these guys play unrated instead? its the same thing minus the rr and ur gonna be ranking up fast since that isnt ur elo anyways (radiant playing in bronze lobbies).
Meanwhile Cypher coming from mid hearing "Last player standing" 7s into the round.
Grand final for masters Madrid was Sunday. They certainly aren’t waiting months for Shanghai to release the new agent they’ve been teasing.
I find that it helps a lot to ask if people have mics during agent select and after that try comming a bit for the first few rounds! Some people have just had bad experiences or are shy.
There is no deny, you just log in to see your purchase history and if there are items purchased/upgraded in the last 90 days the system provides you an option to refund it, I refunded my spectrum guardian and recon balisong on 2 different accounts.
the best head I ever got, was from a sage wall.
I already thought about dodging but the problem is, if I did that he would 100% start an argument, and I hate fighting with friends
No reyna is the wraith of this game Jetts just have egos bigger than lizzo
Glitchpop is definitely one of my favorites that I don't see people using much.

Exclusive skins aside, Ruin is pretty good considering it's a battlepass skin.
Bro the trip went off tho, I mean I guess it’s not like any of them would tell their teammates
And the inverse. Because I hate my blastx phantom bc of how “weak” it sounds lol
if i knew this i wouldnt have bought it LOL
Any idea if it will re-roll? (I hope so)
Lol I’m praying they do it, or atleast a 2.0 in a diffent color maybe. But man do I want that chonky pirate gun😭😭
Your upvote button
He was experimenting with true stretched on his stream yeaterday. He said it felt faster and that going windowed would not be bannable by Riot.
So the normal econemy is:

Buy full round 1.

Win round 1 -> buy max round 2

Hopefully win round 2 and carry guns into round 3. Then buy round 4.

Lose round 1 -> dont buy round 2

Buy round 3 and win against their lower guns. And have a normal gun v gun in round 4
I thinks it spawns back at the last position on ground
When I first saw it thought it's going to have infinite spinning while inspecting. Boy that dream didn't last long
What if 1 satchel but you can fart mid air so you can still kinda double satchel
Nahhhhhhhh, I think all controllers are completely viable on this map, which is an amazing thing btw unlike stupid idiotic breeze 😡
No, unfortunately it’s really difficult to prove griefing unless they grief the comms, bc without someone literally going through game by game distinguishing throwing and ppl who are just bad, it would be literally impossible to tell
I'm curious is if it cancels an ult particularly viper's or even gekko's
>**They didn't rule it out, by the way. People forget, but the "Replay System" also took years to arrive in famous FPS games like Overwatch and CS:GO.**

CS has had a demo viewer ever since it was an half life mod, what are you talking about
If you are a 5 stack and everybody is on main accounts its not boosting. Thats how the game is designed to be played. The only problems arise when some members of the group are playing on smurfs.
This is the most yoru main comment I’ve ever seen
You are the scope
I might be living in the past but I will always say that SEN TenZ is the most mechanically gifted player of all time.
"teams with positive comms win almost 5.3 times more than teams with neutral comms"  
This is cause-effect confusion. Teams that are winning are about 5 times more likely to have positive comms because they are winning, and not 5 times more likely to win because the comms are positive.
Yeah nothing is worse than teammates who are scared or who think what will get them the most kills rather than what will win them the game
Congrats, really cool. Riot and Esports is just good
Yeah I get that they wanted to remove the "spam smoke" meta but they probably shouldn't have accompanied that with "introduce another wall you must spam"
I love the logic in here where people call anything below the top 95% of the playerbase mid and low elo, only the top 5% is high now? 

Delusional lmao
It just makes me furious. I'm a relatively new player who while not bad is trying to improve. Getting higher on the ranked leaderboards is a rite of passage in any competitive game and people like that make it hard for no reason. It's practically griefing.
wtf does omen do ?

tp in?
Idk man, I might just switch back to CS. Atleast I will get drops there.

(That game also has a replay system)
Woohoojin for aim, movement, and gun fights.
[Routine for aim](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxP2y_q51IE)

And linked in the description of that video are also videos for movement mastery and gun fight hygiene.

It's a routine to help people improve the basics to get into gold.
Being Bronze myself, I am seeing improvement plus trying the routine for the first time to hit the benchmarks really gave me a reality check that I'm simply just bad.
Kick off the addiction by getting a new and potentially worse one 💀
Better in some nice situational ways.

Pullout time is twice as fast:

Guardian being 1s vs 0.5s for the Headhunter

This is extremely overpowered and pairs very well with the Operator. You can take a shot, pull out the Headhunter and take 1-2 shots (potentially) before the enemy can even react.

Zoom is also slightly better at 1.75x as opposed to 1.5x on the Guardian.

Everything else is pretty much on par, aside from the Guardian doing more wall-bang damage and the Headhunter being a cheaper (better) pocket Guardian you can always have a few bullets of.
when someone instalocks a duelist and then demands a smoke/heal
Yes! I literally cannot aim with it. Something about it's spread pattern completely throws me off. Not to mention that it tickles your enemy at range.
viperrrr! I love her lore, voice (and voicelines), her looks, her gloves. about gameplay, I love how I can decide on the go whether wall and orb should go up or down. and her two snakebites are somehow one of my favorite abilities in the game as well, especially since there's two charges.

I dislike how her wall can sometimes jump over or leave out funny spots though, and how I can't change it's place once it's set. Same for orb, sometimes I place it somewhere and that somewhere becomes unreachable within the round.
Shots 10-11: Very close, but recoil and inaccuracy make these reasonable misses.
not even splash damage, most people will force vandal and low armor than, say, bulldog and full armor, in a game where you lose a few rounds in a row and you’re forcing small shield rifle every round then it’s basically a 2400 op. Seriously hope the leaks are false otherwise this game will be sniper simulator
A tip for getting less of those leg shots. You want to be stationary when firing, so it's more like move shoot a burst, move again, burst again. Moving and shooting can be effective when enemies are really close (less than 5 meters), but stationary shooting should be your default. Have fun and good luck.
Off topic but buffing harbor would be so easy too but they just choose not to for some reason
I won a 1v1 with this once. When a cypher ult pings you, you stand in spawn with a classic out and pretend to be afk. Game was 10-11 and it completely fucked their mental.
NA and specifically the Texas servers will be your best bet since most pros play on that server
I thought you were lying but you're being 100% fr lol, here's the pictures:   
[1](https://ibb.co/RTc3g4r)

[2](https://ibb.co/K08kQwg)

[3](https://ibb.co/wNnVnDJ)

And before people come in here being like it's to pay the bills and whatever, at the time he was a Security Engineer at Tinder. He made big bucks already, there's no excuse for 2k vod review. People were trolling Jollz for his prices, but 2k? lmao
I'll never get over the fact that the protocol commander is just an old boomer who blows smoke at people while Astra, who has the power to subdue the earth, is just a teenage zoomer who likes to eat and drink at parties with other teenagers >!(and who probably plays secret Santa at Christmas)!<

Lmao.
If you have to ask then you don’t need them
I always get screwed over by the 140 :(
Ah another Fruity joins the cult of the talking banana
i can turn a gekko flash but breach's and sometimes phx's flash always manages to catch me off guard.

i still cant get rid of the instinct to turn gekkos flash
I was in a comp game when it was 11-11 as Kay-O. I ulted right before Deadlock used hers. She activated hers when I was going through the animation and I think I ended up stopping her ult because nobody got pulled in and my teammates were like “good shit Kay-o!” and we ended up winning the game despite the Deadlock dropping like 40 on us
Maybe in the pro scene she sucks but idk in my ranked games being able to stop a 4 duelist rush seems pretty OP, I played her a couple times and she felt pretty strong in the chaos
The amount of games I’ve lost because ascendant shitters simply can’t understand to buy after winning 1st round is astonishing. It genuinely baffles me how buying after winning 1st round isn’t common knowledge even at low imm level.
Everything is elo hell when you are at your peak. I cruised through gold winning most games, but meanwhile I am mid af in plat.
Neon, everytime I die to neon while sliding I can only think "bullshit"
brotha switched for a skin mid fight 😭🙏
Stop filling; it’s just a gamble to rankup at that point
Bro got that Radiant shorty that has the range of an Operator.
If you check pro players stats , they have 50-60% hs and not in every game so probably he’s cheating .
he has some ulterior motive to do this and the fear he has stems from people finding out his ulterior motive. the lore doesn't go beyond that, but i would assume its something that is for his own personal gain and many people would probably frown upon (so probably more than money). 

wish they could expand on each agents backstory (they did it with the dossiers) but i think the story team's focus is the overall story and in ep 8, it looked like it focussed on omen's backstory to drive the story ahead.

source: [valorant wiki](https://valorant.fandom.com/wiki/Chamber)
Haha, sad but true. My duelists would happily watch me die to go chase kills.
I love that the flick at the end implies you definitely know better lol.
The fact OP even clicked on the link is worrying enough on it's own.
Your aim is definitely better than silver, you have a lot of potential
My only complaints is the lack of bunny hopping with your ult and if you double left click you can detonate your ult earlier so it’s less prone to missing.

Aside from that, great clutch!
I got similarly as unlucky previously but not quite as bad. I ulted a Kay/O who got downed as my ult popped. I was able to kill him bc vandal but it was super weird to see him power stancing when the walls dropped. So does iso ult always kill both players if no one gets a kill?
A job
Burst for 2 bullets and strafe between your shots, don’t spray with the vandal because any decent player will punish you for that by headshotting you
legit feels like they gang up on you sometimes, instead of taking the leadership role (as the majority).
HAHAHAHAHA WTF
Idk I think falling to your death like this will become annoying real quick
Yeah it just reminds me of Blackbeard in r6 he was more powerful than iso, but just the idea of an ability taking away the opportunity to win a fair duel just irks me lol.
Man Valorant just needs to put all the maps
In the game. Half of the maps are terrible but atleast with all Maps in they won’t get stale.  Just take out the few maps for pro play.
Crouching is very different if you're in bronze bc everyone aims chest level vs immo games where everyone's crosshair is head level. It's gonna hurt you in low elo more often than it helps.
HEAVY Cypher main here. My best advice is pick an extreme. By this I mean either have solid setups (like pre round set one way cages, unbreakable trips, etc) or do just the most off the wall trips/cages that can’t be anticipated. Be ready to anchor. People expect it regardless of the sense of it. When you’re on a site, you need to be a brick wall which the enemies break against while your team comes to help. Cypher play is mental game heavy.
People are already aware there are cheats which work. That's the reason why you see videos showing how people got destroyed by cheaters and later the cheater was banned.

Let your friend know that his account can be banned anytime. As someone already commented, a cheat being provided in a Discord server with 12k members must be popular. So, Riot devs must have already identified it.
the thing is, the reason that trackers existed was cause riot took away the visible rank feature back then when valorant rank was first released.
We call it a Jett-smoke, but no one will think of it when someone says "we need smokes" or "smokes please"
Gg wp
This ^ idk why people don't talk about it more often
sheesh bros got the updraft 1 lows 🔥🔥
I think Valorant matches u against people with a similar hidden MMR in the placements. I’m guessing sweaty players in plat-diamond on a loss streak before the reset might have ended up in your game, unfortunately :/ 

Where did you end up in your new rank?
To be honest if it's unrated I usually just FF if somebody wants to. Most of the time they need to go or are tilted from the game which makes it very unfun imo. Meanwhile in ranked I'll never FF no matter how bad the situation.
Oh god why
Error 404 enemies not found. Killing teammates instead.
Born to be a duelist who just pushes in and takes space but forced to be a smokes main cause surprisingly few people understand good timing/placement.
Now if they could put the minimap in its own box too that'd be great... but yeah for vertical that's great
What's with all the gender neutral terms? Is clove non binary?
could be used as bait tho
Bro every night at the end of the day before after damn near every game I’m just like “what the fuck kind of game is this.” 😂😂😂😂
Tbh all of them are mistakes lol, too reload trigger happy
Banger
Can't hate omen

Bro just wants to knit
Utility usage 100%. Deserve radiant# -1
Im a new player and thought it was referring to the in-game sentinels too. 

Unless your into Competitive, literally everyone is going to think this first. Its like naming a Pro-Pokemon esports team "The Electric Types"
You play so comfortable and confident on omen and I love to see it. I can tell you’ve had a lot of time and practice with this agent by the way you react and with how fluid your util usage is on him. Really good stuff, some hella spicy clips in there, I see you.
the rotating core is mind blowing, this is some incredible work
Pearl I can understand how some don’t like, but Haven was sooo good. Why did they drop it for trashbox
You're not boosted if you can keep your rank
Truly wtf? I was checking out his streams a couple of days ago and the followed him because he seemed to be a nice guy. Damn man
I played cypher and omen for all of my time since beta until harbor was introduced. Now it’s cypher and harbor.
valorant player tries not to use cs gun names to sound cool: impossible challenge

nah jk i see this a lot too. or just force every round the whole game and they end up with a marshal for ten rounds
One tap them all
Unless you were hacked or sleepwalk, there’s no other way unless a Riot employee gifted it to you lol.
I agree smurfing is an issue, but not because of wins or losses. Its just not fun.

In the grand scheme of things you will be more likely to face a smurf than to have one on your team, 4 players vs 5. 

Assuming you believe you belong in a higher rank, you could consider yourself a smurf as well though so it would basically even out.
Why is Reyna there? xD
BblDrizzy
I used to play cs with a friend and his friend for a while before val came out. Turns out the third guy (without telling us) was using walls while playing even though he was clearly already good without them with great fundamentals and aim. After about a year of playing together where he got a normal range of kills and just fit with our skill group he made it obvious saying "I only started cheating because I could see the enemy looking at me through the wall" which is when my friend and I stopped playing with him. 

Anyway I don't think it's fair to ban people queuing with a cheater because in my case and I'm sure other cases there are people who don't know their teammate is cheating and wouldn't have played with them if they had known. Take all the rr away from every game they queued together or even just do a full MMR reset, but bans are too far
LMAO
on topic, they are looking at controllers at the end of the year so theres hope.
KD ratio isn’t important but you need kills to be valuable. It’s required. There is no possible advantage you could ever give your team that outweighs giving the other team a 5v4.

That goes for every agent in every role. 

For entry agents, your job is to enter site first with util so that you don’t die and can take a fight that isn’t entirely unfavorable. 

Dying and getting traded out is fine. But it’s not ideal. If all 5 of you do this, then you will lose every round (because the 5th will die with no one to trade for them).
100% gekko
Why don't they just make better maps instead of nerfing a character because she is strong on two maps
My idea for Harbor is to make his walls slow bullets too.  The damage would be reduced to wall bang values.  Would be good for counter spam plays.
I see paid actors commenting early to curb the damage.
Haven’t taken it off since I got it
He's not a troll pick but in my experience most people that play him are trolling
A straight body shot through no wall does 150 damage. The op is a one shot weapon.

Bullet tracers are never truly accurate but health is. It’s clear it went through a wall at least once because he lost much less than 150 ho, or 127 hp from a leg shot
I'm probably one of the few people that are OLD cs gamers that switched to Valorant full time.

I played CS since 1.3(I'm 32 now), and there are a number of reasons for me. 

1. Similar gameplay to CS(no other game comes close, Insurgency leans more into the realism, rest are chinese clones)
2. The changes with introduction of agents abilities are fun. Having more defined roles is fun for me. 
3. The graphics are pleasing(subjective)
4. Game is updated in pre-determined schedule
5. A lot of CS talent worked on the game.
6. Riot did a great job with other games, so I believed they will release a game they promised. 
7. After playing the Beta, I just fell in love with the game, It's CSGO but anime
8. The Other the top censorship of toxic players has really made a game a "safe space" when compared to cs. 
9. It's new and pretty and shinny and stuff. 
10. I already got to Global in  CSGO, and I am not interested in going semi-pro/pro and the only thing left for someone like me was to grind faceit to get that level 10. Valorant I have plenty left to climb(I'm Dia at the moment).

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

There are probably other reasons too, and I still play CS sometimes with friends, but something about the game has drawn me in, I can't really put a finger on it. 

I still think CS is an amazing game, and I still think it's a better game, but Valorant is slowly becoming it's own thing, as it slowly breaks away from the 1.6 copy it started out as.
Araxys vandal I've been waiting for it to rotate into my shop for months now
yes, doable on fracture
>has a masters degree in a medical field

It means he's *educated*. Anger issues don't often correlate with high intelligence. Ain't nothing weird about it - you're a shit person if you have to trash talk.
In addition to all the skill gaps between the two, it's also a dramatically smaller pool of players in Radiant than Immortal and there are limited spots.

This means not only do you need to win consistently against the best players in your region, you need to be in the top 500 of them, which means that other people winning their games can push you out. So this means you have to maintain a grind against streamers and younger players who can play literally 8hrs a day.
"Who needs training dummies when ya got real dummies." This jett line always makes me laugh.
It was also a pretty bad spot for the ult, wasn't it? Especially as the last living agent
Quite frankly every worthwhile skin in this game is way too fucking expensive. This is basically the same as overpriced team merch. The fans buy it in order to support the teams.
you have bad score lines and close wins, big rzn why
Yes please give us Replication 5 Clove vs 5 Clove
I peaked diamond last year, took ~1 year off, got placed in silver and at some point was playing in plat/diamond lobbies while still in silver.
Bro has every right to be the villain
Hi, this is my final post about this project, I created this a few months ago and kept updating it internally over that time, and now I release the finished version! 

Download: [https://github.com/JustOscarJ1/valorant\_lineup\_calculator](https://github.com/JustOscarJ1/valorant_lineup_calculator)

Support Discord: [https://discord.gg/5ANwAdnEMW](https://discord.gg/5ANwAdnEMW) 

**How?**

I started with Brimstones molotov and gathered a bunch of data of the launch by tracking the amount of pixels I moved down from the top of the screen (which is effectively the angle of launch. Degrees = pixels/1080\*90) and I tracked the distance the utility traveled.

Once I gathered sufficient data up to the maximum range of brimstones molotov, I started trying to calculate the parabolic equation for it.   
  
The equation for a projectile is | distance = k \* angle \* √m = angle\^2 |, "angle" can be directly substituted for pixels here. K and M are unknown constants which determine the distance and arch of the paraobla.

In order to find K and M I made a Python script which ran through all reasonable combinations of K and M. It then took the mean average of the variation of the prediction and the actual results. Aftera ll combinations I took the set of variables with the lowest error.

Given the extreme precision of K and M I had to make a system which first checked with a low precision, then gradually increased precision, this saved a significant amount of time. It's important to note that error can never be perfect because Valorant doesn't show meters to decimals, error will also increase as length grows as the meter tracker become a bit weird.

Just having one parabola is fine, but having multiple parabolas for close vs long range is slightly more accurate, with noticable benifit in use. Given this, I made parabolas for long, short (and medium on some other heroes).

Now I had the parabola for Brimstone, which is the same as Viper and Sage, I then did the same process for the other heroes. Once done, I made a Python script to use the parabolas to calculate the correct angle i pixels for a certain distance, I did this by predicting the distance for all angles and finding the losest prediction.

Then, thanks to u/NGSkillz I realized that the in-game sensitivity will mess with the calculations, since 1 inch of movement IRL will be the same coordinate movement, but different in-game movement. To solve this I added the calculation \`pixels\_to\_move/(your\_sens/0.623)\` where 0.623 is my sens.

I then made GUIs for the program, a settings menu, main menu, hotkey system, a bunch of redundancy and more QOL. The GUI making was the most time consuming part of the project.

If you want to try it, go to the github repo and follow the installation steps, and please star :)

**Bannable?**

No! This is not bannable according to RIOT TOS, this doesnt interact with the games memory in any way, or move the mouse. All it does is take an input from the user and track the mouses movement (looking at global system information), while telling you what to do, so it is definitely not bannable. 

There is a more detailed explanation regarding bannability on the Discord, Github readme and on this issue: [https://github.com/JustOscarJ1/valorant\_lineup\_calculator/issues/1](https://github.com/JustOscarJ1/valorant_lineup_calculator/issues/1)
I think Raze
Small indie game company💀
"Documented". You just took a bunch of top level comments and regurgitated in an annoying voiceover. It's hard to tell which part is your opinion and which is some comment you grabbed. Was hoping for something deeper. Like the comment about him being toxic and developing an ego. Show some example clips of that development. Just seems like a low effort attempt to capitalize on drama.
Its entirely up to the person, I don't think you should try and convince someone one way or another if that is their values.

I think VALORANT is a great game but privacy/security is a big part of my life. My solution is to dual boot a separate WindowsOS just for VALORANT with my main OS on a separate encrypted drive. Maybe your friend would be open to that, maybe not.
Tbh fortnite is least toxic of them all (have 300hours even 10y in lol) no build fortnite is giga chill u find a teammate bro easily chill 2 to 3h a day gaming. Random Duos can be fun if you are using mic but you gonna Play withh kids compared to you 10 to 24 y pod avg.
Not buying after winning pistol. The worst part is ill then see those same players force after losing the next pistol even if it doesnt make sense in context of that match
Pistol: Ghost or classic

Smgs: Stinger. Spectre if I got it free.

Rifles: Vandal. 

Sniper: Marshal (Have a soft spot for lever action) 

Machine Gun: Odin

Hotel: Trivago.
I still get in the 150s and I'm 41 lol. I will say I notice lack of sleep or being hungry etc effects me a lot more at my old age though.
Finally!!!! I can't wait to read the Terms of Service
They should have brought back Fracture, it's been nearly a year.
Brimstone. He’s highest winrate across most elo for a reason
The protest was never going to work. Everytime a post was made, it would be showered in gold and platinum awards "in support". In other words, protesting Reddit's greed by *giving them your money*.


People as a whole are simply too stupid to cooperate effectively.
Really happy a my magepunk butterfly
Too many. I stream and play this game for five hours yesterday lol straight
he has almost 600 games played on raze. if he's not comfortable on the agent yet then he needs to just give up with raze. and before you say thats before this challenge, 555 raze games in the past 4 acts. 555 raze games out of his 572 TOTAL games on raze.
Aggresive Initiator
Rip my boi fracture. It's been gone so long
they're just mad, throws off their aim
Was one of the best voicelines
i’ve been immortal since ep 1, never radiant
Lmao. His more recent videos are NOT helpful either. Man just loves flaming, and his advice shouldn't be taken seriously. His only good videos are the very basic ones meant for lower ranked players. He very much deserves to get roasted for this.
they made magical girl valorant
Really?? For me it feels like an inaccurate pea shooter that only does anything remotely useful at close range
My version is far better. You follow them all the time until they die, trade them out, take their gun. Bonus point if you don't return it next round and don't buy for them to establish authority.
Ngl, I play better by myself than with friends. With my friends I'm lime 5 and 16 buti just played and ended 30 and 15
Almost every pro team runs single duelist and some form of either double initiator or smokes.
Reaver
Yh, at least in ascendant/ immo we dont usually celebrate aces as we did back on bronze
What in the actual fuck? 

I think this is the dumbest thing I heard all day. Something is wrong with those team mates.

Don't mind it much. Sometimes I get mates with a deep voice, too. I do comment it often. I only use text chat and usually call them Optimus Prime or smth along the lines. I tend to rather compliment that though, I like deep voices.
Looks like no one has passed algebra 1 because they actually never intersect.
I learned this recently from a spawns video. Simple
Shit like this made me mad I didn’t figure it out myself lol
It's crazy that the game still can't detect a basic "hold W" input and still mark the player as AFK. Also crack up that remakes still require more than 2 votes.
yoo this dude watched the video, crazyyy
"Guys, I have a plan, omen, tp on top of that box on tr side, so they cant defuse." Lol
goodjob! tho, ig to some people aces are really common or theyre probably alt tabbed during their deaths😭
Some people waste what potential they have to be immature and petty I guess.
Vipers is pretty much permanent, and you can pick up your smoke. She also has two mollies to stop a spike defuse if you know the lineups. She is crazy.
Sometimes I also truly wonder if a ranked algorithm is broken on an account or stuck in a cycle. 

Point being, for many years, my main account on Overwatch was hard stuck gold. No matter what I did, no matter how hard I played or tried to improve, I couldn’t ever rank up. It was winning streak, followed by a losing streak, just a constant steady cycle over and over. I watched videos, guides, everything you could think of because I wanted to improve. 

I finally made a new account once. Leveled it up, finally entered rank, placed into Platinum, then eventually peaked Masters to where eventually I settled down into a steady Diamond player and held that rank for over an entire years with an occasional appearance into Masters on and off. 

I know people say elo hell doesn’t exist, but sometimes you do wonder if there are imperfections.
Brimstone ult.
Pistol Round:  "Just take your time with your shots...." 

*gets 1 tapped* 

"No worries...  lucky shot heh...." 

Round 2:  "Just gotta get one and take their specter"

*gets 1 tapped*

"Totally expected... were supposed to lose that" 

Round 3:  "Ok now I got a Vandal, just gotta be patient and aim for the he....

*gets 1 tapped* 

Round 4 til end game:  *Sprays the second I see an enemy*
I’ve heard a lot of people theorize that it will be an op/sheriff, but feel like more people will buy Vandal/Phantom than op/sheriff. Also, we just got a sheriff with Arcane-like animations (Neo Frontier)
Bro using vandal like odin
‘Why does nobody seem to have any problem with this’ because it’s unrated.
Huge sites with claustrophobic entrances. Defenders have so many places to hide it’s insane, and the attackers basically need to split if they want to get close to a bomb plant. But if they manage to get in, good luck getting a defender rotation in time.
just make the maps smaller like for example put barriers on ascent so players would be limited to fight on mid
You get this a lot with shotguns and LMGs. It forces the opponent to use util around corners and not just play quickdraw with a vandal. They run around corners, die, get embarassed/feel dumb, and start flaming and try to bully you out of using it.

A lot of people think its cheap (sometimes it is) but if your team wins the round that's literally all that matters.
Not the voice line itself, but Fades ult gets me anxious when I'm caught in it. The deafening when there's gunshots and util going off all around you 😬
I’m okay with them removing right click reset, triple smokes, and instant jett dash. But reducing updraft to only one charge is just buzzkill. So much cool tech lost in a single change.
This one I agree. 10000 is not enough
Chamber gotta push main and get one.
Then use teleport and take a hold position for waiting ally to back up
The last thing a rioter wants to hear is "Can I have a gun buddy?" They're silent because it's annoying and awkward.
Gj but if u had died on that last 1v1 without using your abilities id have been a little irate
You already touched on it, but the “Double Controller Meta” is more or less just the “Viper meta”.

I only looked at stats from the Americas kickoff so the other leagues could be different but:

1. There were 51 total matches and so 102 total team comps.

2. Of those 102 team comps, 70 were double controller and 32 single controller

3. For the 32 single controller, 19 matches were with Omen (12 on Ascent, 5 Sunset, 1 Lotus, 1 Split) and 13 were Viper (8 Breeze, 5 Icebox)

4. For the 70 double controller comps, all 70 included Viper. Her partners were Omen 38 times, Brim 13, Astra 11 and Harbor 8.

5. The presence of Double controller/Viper meta decreases the likelihood of a Sentinel quite significantly. In the 32 single controller games, regardless of whether Omen or Viper was played, 1 Sentinel was always present (and due to Jawgemo playing Deadlock, two games actually had 2 Sentinels!) In the 70 Double controller games, 36 of them had no Sentinels, and 34 of them had 1.
Oh my fucking god it's so bad 😭 clove's Smoke looked like it was pasted in, and their Meddle had zero oomf... Iso's orb mini game should be more of a gameplay thing, it's so lame in a trailer... And the "BETTER" red text was so lame, no dynamic poses or framing like in DUELISTS or any other Blur video... Omen's tp looked like it was animated in ten minutes
If you win pistol round then you’re not on an eco round you’re buying
Just make a 5 man using lfg or something if you want proper communication. 

At the end of the day you’re playing for a little icon, you’ll have people in every rank who aren’t as fussed as you are about the game. And will happily fuck you over if you touch on their ego.
those 29 clove bug fixes are gonna go crazy just you wait
Correct. It should take a single vote to remake .I've had games where someone accidentally hit the wrong button. If someone says, "he's coming right back, has to check on his grandma that fell down." Then we can all vote to stay, but other than that there aren't many reason to not remake.
behavior like this is unacceptable, but please don't feel obligated to listen to this shit. guys like this can be voice and text muted after the first bad thing they say, to keep your sanity alive. of course you shouldn't have to mute them, but is it worth it listening to this nonsense?
I love sage's viewmodel, hate that she is almost useless in big open maps such as breeze
I had a sage who was talking 100% of the time in which 70% toxicity and 30% plans 🥹
Well they do, but MOST switch accounts halfway. Or at the end
I mean you answered it, greed. It's rare to get a videogame that isn't hyperfocused on selling skins and other content. Too many people still buy this stuff for the price it's at so why would Riot or other companies stop or lower prices?
I could see some people arguing that the Classic is your starting weapon and potentially one of the most seen skins during the game.
Nah, play with ur friends. As long as ur 5 stacking and on ur main accounts no problem at all. The game already reduces elo gained when 5 stacking in a way to prevent boosting.
You're exaggerating. They're exaggerating. You're both doing the same thing to prove your point or express your concern.
The way I see it is “nt” in team chat is (usually) a genuine gesture of kindness. Typing “nt” in all-chat tho? That’s asking for trouble lol.
It's probably good and not overpowered imo. It definitely will make people think twice during games when it comes to light shield.
Takes them longer to peak and if your watching them. you'll be able to see them a whole second before then can see you. It'll also prevent them from getting one kill then hiding because they're too slow to move.
Played since beta. Climbed to ascendant 1 peak. Didn't spend much time in diamond. This is when I was grinding hard and tryin to actively improve. After a few rank resets I chill around plat now. 

Made a new account a few months ago before I quit playing so much, played rank. Placed gold 1. Played 2 games and got promoted to plat1. 

My main account was at plat 2 at this time..
It's very hard to scroll into pistol, you have to do exactly 1 roll. Your brother is going places, not high elo, but places.
Honestly is just annoying it’s not even good I just have to expend an extra bullet on that mf, it’s specially annoying on eco rounds cause I usually play sheriff but it’s serving as practice to track and hit the second shot on the sheriff
he does not like me :(
Nobody talking about the Reyna pushing Defender spawn with her knife out and spike planted lmao
Idc abt ur stats tbh what i care is how much you improved. I am proud of you man

Did you soloq mostly or did u have a duo or stack?
This is the way and the only thing that will make a difference. If not in their behavior or even them getting banned then at the very least in your enjoyment for the rest of the game. Voice/Chat mute and just try to vibe. Will/Can they still be toxic? Sure. But it will be infinitely more easy to ignore them and play through.

It sucks for all players of all types (especially women) when people are toxic. Even if you're not being targeted, it just kills the vibe. 

I do think, even with reporting/muting, that it's still important to speak up and tell them that their behavior is toxic and unacceptable (in a respectful way). Calls them out and let's those negatively impacted by their toxicity that they're not alone.
An ace is just 5 kills, not necessarily that he killed the whole team. At least according to the game itself. He got 5 kills so it determines it as an ace
35 games in one day is insane. Have you tried going outside, eating food, sleeping?
Split has a nice coffee place iirc
I wanna type this guy watched a lot of snapiex. But he is snapiex hahah
Real men (us bronze) don't dodge flashes.
Don't show where his cast wall comes from just have it raise as one from the ground.
Ult orbs are super valuable for cycling ultimates, and most people try to farm them in higher elos. The difference between having a kj/brimstone ult and not having one could be the difference between winning or losing a round/multiple rounds depending on your current team economy. On defense you could try to pick them up between rotates, and from what I remember it takes about 2 seconds to capture one.
It's nice your wife is telling you to "keep yourself safe" 🙏
Because they might not have a main yet
Wtaf that was nasty
‘Ohh, my back hurts! Everyones so heavy.’ makes me laugh every time
No because thatd be a significant competitive advantage.
I just got the Vandal skin and stuck with it. Plus, cats are cute
Cypher without the hat is a universal psychological nerf
Das is pretty well known to be a weird guy, if you ask around people in the high elo community everyone seems to have the same negative opinion on him. In games he really likes to micromanage everything, and is passive aggressive about everything. zt0L is a typical egoist, doesn't listen to calls and doesn't comm if he doesn't feel like it. Half the time he plays he's not trying at all. Easy to see how they can clash
But at that point you might as well just take the orb and remove the net because of how long it’d take you to move out of the way
Sorry about the pronouns. I forgot
Yeah, my worst fear is that this dev diary comes and it's just a bunch of nothing and PR speak.
if I hear NaW PiKeEn one more time I WILL explode
holy shit neon is gonna be insane
If you can have fun while losing in this game it’s a W
I know! They said he is an info agent, then let my guy get his info! His camera already has a 1990s rusted metal door squeak every time it comes up/down and literally flashes red/yellow brightly, and can be seen on the minimap as a big red circle, but also constant sould like that? Then what's his point even? When you play cypher in defence, the point of using him is protecting a site from entry and letting the others time to come to site, and without this stalling... yeah. And as for sneaking and gathering info secretly, it is not secret at all anymore!
I love it when people start coming in my games
There are 2 wolves inside of me. One says *use phantom, this is literally the perfect situation* and the other *You have shit phantom skins, use vandal*
* If they tone down the peeker's advantage just a bit, they can achieve the balance that CSGO had in terms of pure gunfights - holding angles, even common ones, can win you fights if your reaction time and crosshair placement is better than your opponents's provided he is not prefiring. 

* Creating a community workshop for maps and skins. Look up yprac maps in CS - absolutely golden for practicing prefires, learning angles and utility, and even aim training with the aim trainer they created. The community could create 1v1 maps, competitive maps that could potentially make it into the game, practice maps or just fun content. 

* Which leads me to my next point, community servers. Community dm, retakes, executes - these are modes that increase the skill ceiling by virtue of expediting the process of improvement for players. 

* A replay system. A game like this cannot cultivate a higher skill ceiling without this most basic of tools for players. The professional scene would improve, the competitive scene would improve, the average player that wants to get better will have better tools to learn how to better his gameplay more effectively. 

While I understand that all of these things were present in the game's competition, so to speak, I do love both games. Since CS2 released, I have not had the drive to play it because it's current state is actually just several steps back, and servers are available for South Africa now, so I finally get to play this game properly. These above concepts are what I believe to be the best steps forward for the game.
Could actually be an excellent dart for a Sova that wants to recon for their team and catch the rotating defense off-guard
Fnatic manager yadda yadda you know the drill...
I'm 31 so the age gap makes it more bullying/evil :D
It's a tool that's useful. Just like a vandal. One tip I can give you as a brimstone main is that if you throw a smoke on where you plant the spike and aim your cursor at the center of where the smoke spawns in the air from, it's an easy brimstone lineup as long as nothing blocks it.
Viper has a different lineup technique you can look for.
Even if you queued with a silver friend, which you didn’t, it doesn’t make you silver
Sad no one reacted in game, that looked like an epic scene from a movie
“Where’s omen?”


“🤓👆uhm he’s right behind me isn’t he”
Dude, I was against the world fighting against woohoojin. There was a post discussing how ranked was harder and even he was ascendant and struggling. I was argueing how it made 0 sense to be former radiant and stuck ascendant. People brought up every excuse for this dude. I got downvoted everytime. "He says hes a radiant controller not duelist", "He says duelist doesnt match his playstyle which is why he struggles", "he has only been playing raze for a few months". I argued over and over and everyone disagree'd. It made 0 sense how you could still actively play and coach and be stuck and struggling ascendant. If your curious its probably in my comment history somewhere.
>iron 1 gekko went 40/20. :/ he had the most insane op flicks too 

Not to say that he was or wasn't a smurf, but I have friends irl that are Bronze that can flick like crazy, and go 30/10 one game, then bottom frag in the next ga-
>
> he'd just afk some rounds or do something quirky like only use a judge for most rounds

Nvm probably a smurf
When does Abraham Lincoln get killed
Dude, that's not average gameplay. This is a série of good clips, I need to see you whiff and miss shots to be able to say if it's about the sens or not, seeing you popping off is cool but not informative about your issues if you have some.
Does Teets count as small? He's grown like crazy but I always loved his content.
Lmaooo why is this sooo funny 😂
Look at that goddamn minimap
Most definitely not morse code, had to learn it working at an escape room, it follows no pattern, just fancy details
I like AverageJonas because of his great attitude and good game play. Al1valo is very fun and carefree content. Eggwick is more casual and custom content.
Yeah the thing is my teammate is no where to be found until i want to move behind cover
Omen has an overall more flexible playstyle that can adapt to many different situations.

He's basically a controller/duelist hybrid.

Get stuck in a bad spot? You can find many ways to teleport away to a safer or just superior spot.

Initiators and duelists are dead or uncooperative? No problem! Thanks to your flash teleport and smokes you can take that space by yourself.

Wanna support your teammates pushing sites? You can not only smoke for them, but you have an incredible wall penetrating flash that can on most sites blind half of the defenders if you aim it right.

Ultimate to pick up spike if it ends up in enemies hand.

Ultimate for info.

Aggressive ultimate teleport into site during your allies push.
Stop worrying so much about rank, just focus on improving yourself and you will become better.
Ace is killing the whole team by yourself, not just 5 people. Killing same people twice doesn't count towards an ace even if you get a 5k
I love her but her design is so funny compared to the ultra serious Deadlock. That beanie is so funny.
maybe more changes when official valorant reveals changes.
It’s also good in situations where you just need to delay a defuse or to clear sites for site hits
First hit accuracy is only 1% on knives. 0.01 % if youre using the oni katana and your name is “I miss her”
There’s one on gentle mates.
Skye had 3 flashes??? Did they still recharge?
*“If you're not a good shot today, don't worry. There are other ways to be useful.”* - Sova
https://discord.com/invite/galorants

I’d assume because of the size of galorants they would have a decent verification process. Try looking at theirs and see if it helps.
Yeah, the biggest pet peeve I have is ranked is people not covering ground. Bind Showers is the worst one because people don't push showers for some reason.
You're getting downvoted with no explanation, but no, you can only see people on minimap if you have vision.
A map where: Defenders spawn is in the middle, and the attackers can choose to go to sites from either side...
And it built its foundation on one of the best FPS franchises of all time and found a unique way to make it different
abilities don’t kill. raze however
The main idea playing defense on Icebox is plant denial because retake is so diffiicult for most players. KJs mollys are great for that. This is especially true for pro-play, but also true for most games in gold or higher. People might not put it into words, but watch gold and plat level games, probably a lot of failures in retakes unless you have someone who is smurfing or has better mechanical skill than all their opponents and just frag out. 

Meta on attack is usually 4 main and 1 lurk mid. Usually want to use a bot on mid to give info on lurks, I see alot of KJs use the window from kitchen to put alarmbot down where the enemy Vipers usually orb in mid. Then hold onto both mollies and put turret watching near B site default plant and molly off of that from nest where you can keep an eye on kitchen lurks. Or you can use turret for kitchen and then just jump peak and/or listen for B hit.  Her ult is pretty solid for retake and attack. 

She is better than Cypher bc he has no plant denial and his trips are best for bottlenecks which Icebox doesn't really have(too much verticality). Better than Deadlock bc Deadlock is hot shit. Chamber is only good if you can frag out and get aggro bc he has no plant denial. That leaves Sage who has no flank/lurk watch util and no plant denial. KJ is easily the best sentinel for that map, even if you're not playing pro-level strats.
If they're better than me.
Breach: absolutely fucks everyone up

Also breach: ok let's go👍
If I leave an enemy with low health, I intentionally write it in "all chat" to instill more fear in the opponent's mind. Obviously they'd expect me to comm that to my mates. But them seeing it in their chat does have an added effect.
Valorant has been doing it for as long as I can remember tbh, community moments and even creators get "immortalised" through sprays, gun buddies, titles and player cards such as Finest (revive me Jett, with the spray as well), lowlanders gun buddy, Twisted, Gizem, Tariks 👍😐👍.


Personally, definitely a big W for celebrating the community. And making battlepasses actually have a meaning
Y’all are too worried about how other people play the game. If someone playing blindfolded is the same rank as you, maybe you need to focus more on yourself
I like the second paragraph. Reminds me of old cod lobbies and the average Valorant experience
Getting to plat on 40-50 FPS is really impressive, I'm guessing you have been doing your home work when it comes to this game.
I like "You should run" from KJ with the echo effect when you're far away from here. Sounds intimidating.
Winning a pistol ace where all my team was dead and hyping me so much

They weren't even friends, just randoms, and these people still give me courage for pistol rounds
What’s your IGN so I can report you on top of your team reporting you.
I completely agree. I struggle to stay consistent.
They specifically mentioned its mobility so it may be centered around that be it lower range, 1 satchel only or whatever.
No—there’s a small bird that he keeps on his head at all times who flies the hat to a corpse, but gets tired after delivering the hat. Cypher doesn’t put it back on because he doesn’t want to wake the bird up from its nap.
As a person who is deeply invested into esports and has been keeping up with the replay system, or lack thereof, year after year, this is an improvement from the time where they released a blog post that straight up said that they were not working on it and had no plans to implement one.
But then all the Line-Up Andys have to actually participate in a gunfight. Thats not how they want to play the game :(
This is the first time I have seen someone say "viper's curtain" lol. Ngl I kinda like this term more.
Kingdom credits are fine. The cap needs to be raised to 15k though.
raze is totally like a 5'1" girlboss and kj is her 5'8" or 5'9" mommy gf and this isnt a headcanon this is just reality
I think Gekko has a sheriff in his spash art, and Skye has a vandal. Also fade I think has a spectre hip mounted.
 breaking shit that worked before for a long time, truly a small indie company moment
I thought this was gonna be something dumb, but actually that seems pretty on-the-nose.
My dream job tbh, no skills though.
If this is what it’s like to face off against higher level competition, I can’t fathom what it’s like to play against VCT level players
It doesn't matter whether there are five of them, or fifty of them, let's go

-Yoru
Looks nice I can’t tell by your movement though it’s low elo probably like gold I’m guessing
Bro is iron and trying to act smart
This is saddening. Please don't resort to suicide guys. 
:( No matter how hard, y'all can do it, get through. <3
COOKED
“Pioneer” was redeemed with a code through the old code redemption site back in 2021 to commemorate the launch of the game in Vietnam
i still mistake guardian skins for vandals 4 years later anyways
Right on the money
Ah yes, one of the most fiscally irresponsible and unstable football clubs joining one of the most fiscally irresponsible and unstable scenes. Cant wait to see what’s gonna happen!
Honestly deserved
In pro play yes, in ranked it’s different.
Brimstone.
They generally end up being solid players with selfless tendencies which really brings a team together.
About time.. I missed the constant posts about smurfs and people asking why they’re hardstuck diamond /s

You’re going to see her constantly until you start ranking up beyond the limits of our current ranking system and enter professional, organised play instead of public ranked lobbies.

FTFY?
Well first you acquire money, which can be exchanged for goods and services.

Typically through a job, but allowances or gifts also work.

Then when you log in and simply buy.

&#x200B;

All kidding aside, 30-50 every couple months isn't really backbreaking if you save up 5 bucks a week in the piggy bank.
From my experience if I camp long enough Omen will teleport in front of me.
They have more data than reddit anecdotes about how the community reacts to things. For every person that hates the maps, someone else loves them.
They’ve played tac fps way more than you. It’s that simple for the most part.
He killed every single Radiant in his universe.
I never thought of that!  I think he was hesitant to stream but that is a really good option Thanks!!
Dont worry you will join the reyna hate train soon enough
Don't people just shoot you before you're at the top?
he's also got a squirtle and a bulbasaur
Literally, but people will always find something to complain about
Tip is to never ask. I never asked at the bar I work at they just offered because we had a great wholesome chat about valorant and our ranks
Legal hype!!!
Because The first duelist to pop up IS reyna and reynas are always worthless to teamplay
hey just checked it still shows 120 damage https://imgur.com/a/RVxY13a
Cry
A has always been easier to take
Phantom is easier then vandal but ur better of starting with vandal since it will help ur aim to get better outlaw is also easy to use on def and really strong atm
Of course ya can, it just   
\- takes a lot longer  
\- is a lot harder  
\- chance you wont be able to stay at that rank
Are you kidding? With the entire enemy team still alive? You must be iron
Most of them do not know resurrection is not possible when they are last ones alive ahahah
Attack-side training is “we have Ascent at home” 
I don’t know what the fuck Defend-side training is though
That's the one officer, he's the one I've been deranking against.

Cypher mains are the sole reason I play kayo. He's the only agent you actively need to counter.
bro is seething
Perhaps, but in that case the devs are grossly underestimating the power that comes from having more information than the enemy.
> Also having to type in mandarin to flame my teammates (yes I’m guilty as well) was a whole new learning curve (i haven’t studied mandarin in 7 years) and honestly sometimes i just resorted to typing the agents’ names in english and then roasting them in mandarin.

Godspeed, brother. o7
2nd place here too. The pain man. 😭
Play some other games and come back to Valorant from time to time to have fun. 

That's what I did. Topped out at A1 and couldn't motivate myself to climb further as the game is so hard when you reach your peak. I felt I needed to be playing most days and couldn't make that sort of commitment. 

I downloaded Battlefield 2042 to relive the glory days of playing Battlefield games on Xbox 360. I will say that games with no skill based matchmaking are a refreshing change from Valorant...
Well no shit. Its hilarious to imagine how the controller vs M&K debate would go in this game though.
I always thought it was 3 as well. Good to know
If it's not the fastest ace ever it's for sure the fastest ace of a dead person.
Yes, but that doesn't do anything with the breach ult, that only stunned your team and literally no one in the enemy team.
In reality it’s because he was the default tutorial agent 
Bro could not handle league of legends 💀
Looter shooter is a little different but yes, that’s typically the progression system these games have
champions 2021 bundle
No you dont understand, according to some user here a few days ago, were not allowed to make fun of Diamond1 because his gf is sick. 

Seriously, that sucks for him and her and I hope she gets well soon. But the guy was a massive shit talker and deserves all the shit talk back at him right now.
Which Deadlock lines are not representative of Norwegians? The voice actress for Deadlock is very much Norwegian, and the recording happened in Oslo, but feedback would be helpful if there were areas we fell short.

(I wasn’t involved in Killjoy at all as it pre dated my time at Riot so won’t comment there)
Fade is the "worst" because she keeps getting compared with sova. 

Theres a reason theyre 2 different agents and recon initiators. Sova is best for long range but if you want to be more aggressive and play alongside a duelist or close, Fade is your girlie. Shes not meant for long range but ppl just want to coin it as "shes a bad agent" and not understand how she SHOULD be played.

She's a recon semi-duelist hence why she keeps getting coined as a "bad" initiator. Because her gameplay is far far different from the others.
Edating teenagers who treat valorant like an aol instant messenger chat room.
kinda the idea of the change tbh. spamming walls and smokes is still a thing u can do a decent amount of. however, more brain is needed. u now need to have more educated guesses or better use of intuition for it to be worth it. u cant just spam a choke thats smoked just "because i can"
Yeah 💀. I completely forgot about ults
Maybe im.gonna sound like an asshole but if you start paying more attention to your mistake and your improvement instead of blaming smurf troll or matchmaking it will be much more easier to climb and appreciate the game. There will be unwinable game but dont surrend it tho keep playing this few round can make you lose less or learn more And sometimes win even in 4-8
As a Reyna main, I think this is pretty well-written and on point, everytime i lose a fight, i always catch myself saying "AHH IF ONLY I GOT ONE" but for me i think her kit is selfish and can lead to developing bad habits such as baiting, not trusting the team since you can believe as long as you got the option, you can win any fight and disregard any other game sense.
LMAO
How did you manage to only kill 2/30 on hard lol
Iso ult + Omen ult: works great on 2v2/3 situations


Kj ult + Brim ult: force the enemies to choose between getting detained or dying


Reyna leer + any flash: is a strong combo


Dl nade + Raze nade: like the fade combo but easier
I’m guessing you got stuck on some weird geometry, if deadlock ult doesn’t bring you to the kill point in a certain amount if time it just lets you go.
We need a retake mode more than wingman
thanks dude
Can i reach platinum without using aimlabs at all? Silver 1 currently
Heaven is a universal callout and it generally just refers to the highest point on site (typically overlooking the site). The other examples like tower, nest, etc. also work similarly on a map to map basis, but they're not universal. 

It's just easier to call out "heaven" as even without knowing the map callouts most players will instantly understand where to look. Think of it like "back site", or "CT" - On certain maps there might be a specific callout for it but they're just more generally understood terms.
I thinks it's just because people like playing duelist.
Don't worry you won't get banned.
Meanwhile streamers…..
Well done for standing your ground. You can submit a ticket to Riot support with this video as an attachment and report them, it might get more attention.
24 missed attempts
Inform an adult about the situation
More blast force (?)
They didn’t barely make it. They had at least another 2-3 m of flying time, they just ended the slow fall early.
yep common strategy to sit inside of detain have your friend run out right at the last millisecond with knife out run back in and stand on detained player to get a pick
Shinji get in the operator
As with all probabilities, someone might get it first try.
The number of times I’ve been in a game when I don’t lock in omen and absolutely hate the smokes my team provides.
You can add spacebar or another key for secondary jump specifically to jett to fix this problem
Prob mean "play on my contact" its just what you said, hide and peek on the moment your friend spots an enemy.
To be fair I think there’s a definitive difference between Ascendant - Imm2, and Imm3 - Radiant. Which is worth calling out.

I’m peak Imm2, and can confirm that Imm3/Radiant players are a hugely significant step above.
you're correct! diamond 2
Main controllers before: they are stealing our position Ahhh!!!
Real
Def a panic toggle & thank you!! No one’s actually ever mentioned that to me in terms of being constructive 👌🏿🙏🏿
Majski! Hilarious guy, and his smokes guides are very funny!
Watch radiant players who op a lot. learn how they position themselves and op and marshall a lot in ranked yourself maybe make an alt if you’re not confident yet so you don’t care about your rank
It’s not a bug. ISO’s ult kills both players if they’re alive for too long, and Kayo’s ult makes it hard to kill him.

Don’t change it.
Mental capacity of a child. 

Yesterday a guy started shouting over VC because we were doing comms and just hard quit the game lmao. 

Everyone gets angry at games differently.
I don't play cypher and I agree. Cam was totally fair and balanced as it was.
Siege still hasn’t figured it out lmao
because coaches ability to coach doesnt rely on what rank they are on?
Hopping in on the top comment to give some context on this.

So, our map selection system basically looks at what maps each of the 10 players loading into the game have played a game on recently, and tries to prioritize the least-recently played map for the cohort. This is a big oversimplification, but the easiest way to think of it is that the system is trying to avoid any player getting repeat maps back to back, and is optimizing for freshness.

This means that when a new map comes out, though, that it'll naturally rise to the top, as lots of players in the pool haven't played it yet, so the system selects for it. New maps also tend to have higher dodge rates - and dodges don't count in this system, only played games do, so you'll run into situations where people keep trying to dodge the map and only perpetuate the likelihood that the system will keep suggesting it to them as a result.

This is something that we're looking at and talking about, but it's not an intentional weighting or trying to force people to play the map; it's just our natural systems trying to avoid staleness kicking in when a new variable enters the system. Hope that helps!
Valorant trailer gameplay
Literally just a crumb of a buff for sage I'm on my hand and knees here
Lmaoo of course the battlepass skins have to be mid, if they're not it's a bug
having only 1 entrance for A, and it being behind defenders barrier is crazy
We have gotten hints that they might be able to revive themselves in a way like pheonix with his ult, ak as a pheonix main I'm excited
Logically, yes 

But emotions don't care about your facts and logic.
Bad at Val, I get the other nerfs but can someone help me understand why her orb repositioning is so strong vs other controllers who just drop smokes wherever?
Being entertaining is more important than being good at the game

Always behave as if you have 100 viewers
lol people still ask for healing after all this time ? 

Thats insane
Cypher is too strong on that map. He is so strong he influences the entire way the map has to be played, right from agent select. It makes the game boring and stale.
You can't rank up being afk that yoru peak dia 2 is throwing to get iron, and those 5 stack accounts are all from some guy making smurf accounts to sell.
For me I'd just really love to be able to place bots on the actual maps to train cross hair placement, peeking and etc 

I want to open a training custom game on the real maps with freedom to place bots (static or moving ones) wherever I please to train plays and all I've mentioned above.

I already saw some clips with people walking on the maps and shooting bots like the ones from the range, is this already possible or not?
He'll be meta on Bind and will probably be played more on Breeze and such because of his sniper potential.
I wasn't wearing my glasses, my fault.
Yeah what was with her calling him John and Fred or whatever? I thought they were friends before. This cinematic plot twist just answered otherwise.
i think he will still be very decent and in meta even after this nerf
the comment was funny but the fact you have smurfs in every elo is extremely cringe lol
It's good, but the difference between that and rapid trigger is way less than in other games (i.e CS).   
   
It's an interesting dilemma though; if companies allow Razer's "Snap Tap", realistically, they should just allow null binds.   
   
Rapid trigger is a purely hardware-level thing, no amount of scripting will allow you to do it on binary switches. But for "Snap Tap" much of it can be (and is), created with a script.   
   
Wooting's implementation of a similar thing ("Rappy Snappy"), has a much higher basis in hardware, prioritizing the switch that is pressed the furthest (something binary switches cannot do).   
   
I don't know how I feel about Rappy Snappy, but I think Snap Tap is too rooted in software. Allowing it is creating a financial barrier that is based on a software technicality, instead of a true hardware limitation.
W bro!!
Personally as long as you're happy playing it's worth it doesn't matter the rank. Ik it does but playing for joy is better than grinding tf out.
jett is the exact opposite of underrated objectively lol
A few notes. You don’t play 1 agent, you play a ton of them. Pick an agent and lock him in. Learn their util and start doing some improvement with your aim. Someone else mentioned Woohoojin and he has an excellent mechanics practice playlist. Losing 150rr in two days isn’t by sheer chance or coincidence, there’s a common factor in every single one of your games and that factor is you. Improve and so will your rank
I still spamm through smokes. There's plenty of bullets left to do so tbh. You might have to consider when to spam but it's no big deal especially for vandal players since you don't wanna spray thru smokes too much due to tracers.
my most peculiar teammate in recent memory is probably the 15/16 year old boy that decided to meow/bark at me, call me mommy, offer to uber eats me food, and things like that only to call me the n word because i wouldn't give him my number 💀
he knows
You: HELP ME

Also You: fucking shoots anyone near you
This is how knife skins should be like, unique flourish animations on the default version and after upgrading it should have some extras!! Just like this and the neofrontier one.
ye supreme in GO
Omg the gun buddy is in alphabetical order now. It was such a headache finding the one I wanted lol
This is the correct answer.
All the way to low imm3 as well - no warm up, barely any useful comms and only full sends followed by shouting at each other
Mine is Derank1
They should make people press "Accept" or "Decline" like league.
that's what I'm saying, I'm playing in gold rn, bruh the amount of smurfs is crazy, and like try harding reynas and Jetts
The jumps are an advanced tech like if you say "don't buy Sova you need line ups, don't buy kayo you need perfect flashes with post plant molly line up.
For an actual reply, I honestly think sometimes people just no clipping around will find a location like that where they can see through the floor. So the next thought is, "Can I get there without no clipping?" And from there the wild experimenting begins lol.
When is the agent coming out? im curious to see how it works with some form of revive going on
This map about to get more kills than yay
I am the developer, sorry I was taking a shit and forgot about it, my bad
DOOR STUCK
Baffling how some players don’t check corners when rotating
1 instance of dmg
It's true im the dad and I ain't having none of that gay shit in my house
With thim aim if you're an ascendent, my gold lobby players might be imm3

Also I get that in ascendent people are a difficult target but how come you struggled so much with the sage.

Tell me you're trolling
I just wanted the titles and cards mostly to be honest.
They do a fairly healthy amount of both. If you mostly buff things instead of nerfing the strong stuff you end up with powercreep.
I... completely forgot about that.
currently 500rr never did dm or any kind of warmup just queue immediately into comp lol
No you cannot hear footsteps.

An enemy player will get this blue aura around their screen if an ulted Yoru has them in their sight, doesn't matter from how far as long as the enemy is somewhere in the ulted Yoru's pov they're gonna get the aura. 

The teleport "Floaty balls" as I like to call them, can only be seen by an enemy if they're near it.
# ⚡️Valkyries are coming ! ⚡️



It's with pleasure that we are announcing today our new VALORANT team ! 

Please, let's do a warm welcome to our players :

[Cille](https://x.com/CecilieKallio)

[SUPERPHROG](https://x.com/phrog123456)

[Lyda](https://x.com/Lydavl_)

[adora](https://x.com/adorafps)

[auri](https://x.com/auri1m)

**It's now time to conquer Game Changers ! Let's go** [**HEROIC**](https://x.com/heroicvalkyries) **❤️🔥⚡️**
>She did not need this nerf.

she absolutely did need a nerf.

She can heal, get info, flashes that recharge, dog faster than a sova drone, and a weaker cypher ult. Time to learn gekko and kay-o.
So, if I’m in a ranked game with someone who’s name is hidden, they’re only typing in chat and they’re playing smokes/sentinel, my bet is they’re a girl. I play at higher elos and try to get the team talking asap so we can comfortably communicate together so I often try to get her talking when I can. It’s almost like a sixth sense after playing for a while I can just tell who’s who. It genuinely doesn’t matter to me I just want good team work that’s all!
There's nothing that declines precise gunplay but yeah, spawn points are weird. Deathmatch on Icebox gives me PTSD every time
I think Ugo might have wanted someone to break the haunt, nice shots
You’re speaking to a bunch of teenagers who attach their self worth to their valorant ranks
I also play in N Virginia, same elo as you too and it’s driving me crazy. I just try to play later in the day to try and avoid them
having just watched my silver 1 friend have a 40/7 teammate, denying 9 people the chance to play the game, ive gotta say i agree
Iso changes are great, he can be the 1v1 menace he is supposed to be without having to chain Kills with no pause.

Neon too, but the slide feels a bit much. I dont mind her strafing speed but the perfect slide accuracy is rough to me. She removes a lot of agency by sliding in for a one TAP and sliding out
In general I think the people who play the support-geared agents (harbor, brimstone, breach, skye, sova, gekko, cypher, and sage come to mind primarily) are generally more chill and positive while people who play the flashy or independent agents (mainly the duelists and sometimes others like omen maybe) tend to get a lot more upset and be negative

It's probably because the agents that support an aggressive play style attract the reactive and success-oriented players who are more likely to get angry when things don't go well or someone doesn't do well while the more laid-back people are willing to take a slower and more supportive role and aren't as pressed about getting a good k/d or always winning
Rly helpful. I try to implement the pews and the strafe into gameplay
I mean we all could raise a ticket and let Rito know abt this. It's a good addition
If you ever have kids teach them well, and if you ever become a teacher do the same! That's the most we can do individually.
It’s a fact that the skill disparity between immortal 1 and 3 was so high. Made the high elo games feel terrible. Ascendant helps a little bit with raising the skill floor of immortal. Maybe it adds a little grind, but you’ll eventually get the rank you deserve.
I might have to move to china
a coach does not need to be as good as the players, that's a well known fact. however, when a coach builds their following and credibility on the basis that they are x rank and as good as those players, then they are expected to be as good as the players. and he is very much so not. dude just lied and let his ego run wild
I played with a 6 year old and his teenage brother in swift play the other day. One of the most enjoyable matches that I have ever had. The 6 year old would comm his thought processes and it was funny to hear. Not every kid is annoying. You can also mute them if it becomes problem.
us bro us 😭
Bro got the hard jump but missed the easy one 💀
Mumbai is the best server!
People will respect you , you father, yours mother, and your ancestors! ☺️

10/10 server
+rep 100% recommended 🫂
Watching fns mald in vct (turn his chat off)
It's also because smurfs will underestimate their opponents.
Imo they should have simply added cooldown to reuse after picking it, smth like 15 seconds
Is he holding a trip?
You won’t appreciate it so early, but it’s a very good chain kill, think of it like this

You are 101 vs 100, and no matter what in theory, the 101 will always win
How old is this clip that you still have two updrafts?
I thought this was common knowledge.
Can you drop the routine please? Also what is your DPI and in game sens?
Radiant cybersecurity. Ripest banana. Come one come all.
The only way a real change would be possible imo.  Won't happen at a large enough scale though.  

The blackout is a good message, though it probably won't affect much change if I had to guess. There is a large amount of popular subreddits taking part so the message we're unhappy will definitely be heard.
this is so facts bro we need to nerf chamber
I read the first 3 sentences and then starting scrolling. It took a while to even reach the comments
yoru its so annoying seeing blue shit on your screen i just dont know what to do im just waiting to get blinded and 1 tapped
My brother has played 100’s of hours of CSGO, but he still keeps looking at the ground. You won’t improve through playtime alone. Watching your own matches and seeing what you did wrong is a big start. The objective is to squash any bad habits you may have that aren’t noticeable in the moment.
>So my friend is kind of stupid 

True true
the spread at the end outlining reyna's head was chefs kiss
>So my theory is that to solo-queue your way out of lower ELO, you just need to be able to carry. Straight up.

Yup. Good teamplay is useless if your teammates don't know what they are doing. Game sense is useless if your enemies actions are random and unexplainable. 

If you were playing soccer or basketball, it wouldn't make a lot of sense to practice complicated plays when you and your teammates struggled to pass and shoot consistently. Even if you had the play down perfect, if you can't execute it successfully most of the time, you wasted your effort. You'd have done better drilling fundamentals.

Valorant is closer to a physical sport than something like chess. It's not useful to focus on strategy until you have the fundamental skills down.
A movie or show about valorant would be cool. Preferably the arcane style and writing but riot would do something different
that's okay, not all of them have to be for everyone

i, for one, like running around like a fairy princess with the magical skins
For me it's every skin that I don't have
Jett baiting the sage is true to real life
I've seen guys with higher pitched, squeaky or "dorky" voices get made fun of, so yes. Its not really a women exclusive issue but people being assholes to strangers because they're in an environment where they feel there will be no repurcussions for poor behavior.
Spike rush lmao, at least it forces its players to learn different guns
every new episode has a hard rank reset. everything above diamond (so asc, immo, and radiant) gets sent back down to at least asc 1. asc 1 is the max rank you can get off placement. everyone else gets sent down one full rank (ex. diamond 3–>plat 3)
My conspiracy theory is that they did it get people to use their microphones
Yeah, just... move your mouse faster ? As long as your mouse doesn't struggle with fast movements (I had one that couldn't keep up when I flicked with operator at some point, because it was a really bad mouse) it should be fine. You'll just have to get used to fast movements, it's basically just training, you'll eventually get there.
Follow on advice - any time you might say something like "Why would you <whatever>", it should be pretty easy to just rephrase into a request/shot-call to the player to do the alternative thing you'd rather them have done

Instead of "Jett why the fuck are you lurking"

Say "Hey let's do a heavy site hit - Jett could you dash onto site while I <blind/smoke/util> for you?"

Not every player is going to listen to you but those players are usually the ones who are going to respond very poorly to the "why" questions anyway so you usually can't hurt yourself going with this approach
Not ace, 5k. You killed clove twice


An ace is killing each individual enemy once( rip ace ) 


Still, cool.
Rat smoke with a frenzy/stingers are almost equally as good and effective even against Iso
I like using Phoenix for that with 6 orbs, but Cypher also has a 6 point ult
Exactly, 100% with your point. Just like iso, literally in every single game there is one insta lock iso. The same will be with the clove too.
I don't enjoy playing Lotus, Breeze, Split or Icebox

Haven, Pearl and Fracture were really enjoyable for me
We have to make this a copy pasta
Maybe a hot take, but i don’t really care for the phantom skin. It’s bright, distracting, and I don’t think it really looks all that good. The vandal looked way cleaner imo.
If it was you who used it, you would be perma banned.

Thats all you need to know about this Shady Game Dev. aka Rito.
“Sorry dude, I can’t play that well, my parents both died in a car accident recently and I’ve been playing Valorant to try and keep my mind off of it but it hasn’t been working too well. I’m really sorry that you got me as a teammate and I hope you live a good life, you obviously deserve it more than I do.”
Omgg yes!!! The voice line "be quiet is now something else!!!! WHYYYYYYY😭😭
what are you talking about?
I cringe every time she says "I'm surrounded by *minha família*" in a very spanish-sounding accent
What are fundamentals that arent ability usage and aim??
Do people bitching about "crossplay" just choose to willingly ignore the giant ass paragraph in the article that says they aren't adding it lmao?
Valorant is out for 4 years and they're still people who thinks hesler is a role in valorant
Being smoked off/walled at the choke makes it even easier to put that cam without this “trick”
When are theh taking out ascent? I wish they'd just use all the maps. There's really not that many to learn anyway. Have a map voting system at the start of every round too like halo reach.
She’s around the same but you get a fair bit less info now since you can’t swing the dog around.

Problem is skye will keep facilitating the double controller meta. Then in a few patches skyes probably going to get a mega nerf which might suck for all skye players.
All my friends are between 32-35 and we hardly experience this lol. 25 young af
Immortal or ascendant going off the gun buddy
watch Spawns 
best cypher player out there no cap
this is exactly what i do lol. and i have scroll wheel click in set to pistol.
He also killed 4 people in the cinematic.
Damn rekt
buying a gun skin goes towards the price of the bundle so its weird that the knife price doesnt go towards it too (ik its because the knife is technically free but its still dumb).
Better variant of the skin 100%
It is very much possible
You gotta know how to start the conversation.

If you say something like heyyy at the start of round 1 you could get more talkative teams.

I got some pretty good games like this
I'm living rent free in your head. That's all.
thanks for the shoutout :=)
I'll never back down on my statement that r6 is THE WORST new player friendly game ive ever played. And thats coming from someone who has had absolutely no issues to get in higher ranks in any other fps game. I'm absolute hot garbage at R6. You die from everywhere. The maps are confusing, which also comes with the addition of not having a minimap. The people playing (or at least a shit ton of them) are absolute assholes and can teamkill you for no reason whatsoever. Bare in mind i absolutely love R6 but i have accepted the fact that i will never be good at this one specific fps game even after having a couple of hundred hours in it. I dont even wanna imagine what hell higher ranks could be where everyone actually has a functioning brain and holds 1 pixel angles but regardless, I just wish this game wasnt so fun and unfun at the same time
Title: Proof you don't need to reload
At the start of the clip: Reloading
The server is overloaded. Need tick rate graph. Notice jett crosshair teleporting at the end. OP opened the scoreboard multiple times luckily and you can see many players pings are fluctuating by a lot. They all can't have bad internet, the server is screwed up.
funny enough, I report all smurfs, even when their on my team, I know it does nothing but can't hurt to do it lol
I can show you my career and the exact game this was from.  No smurfing no boosting no cheating. As you can see this was actually a close game lol and because I was on a save round I thought I'd do a risky play anyways.
We really should be increasing map pool instead of keeping it stale with these rotations. At the very least increase the available maps by 1.
ego

easiness

to boost

wanting "control" (knowing they can flip the outcome of the match either way) 

maybe some others but those are what i came up with off the top of my head
And is built its foundation on one of the "best" agent based games of all time (LoL) so really they have perfect expertise to make this kind of game
idk if i were to platonically compliment someone, i wouldn’t use the word ”tempt” lmao
bc u aced and didn’t wanna show off 💅🏻
0. I blast a shorts from narnia to default plant behind crates
He says that for all agents, also yeah hes stupid cause he says “oh you can do that too” when sage res him like how could he not know that
Dude was crying about how he was falsely banned, turns out it wasn’t a false ban and he admitted to installing cheats. And then he cries that he never used it for cheating.

Classic.
I rarely open my mic but I had to for my social anxiety. I was tackling my online voice first. One of the first things said to me was "ew why do you sound like that? don't open your mic again, I'll mute you"

I told him no need because I'll just mute him instead. This was the same game where he was flirting with another girl playing sage and telling her to be his pocket sage... I thought they were queuing together because of that, but to my actual surprise, they weren't!

Oh, and he for some reason was pissed that I muted him??? He was caps-locking at me in chat to unmute him lol

I'm somewhat even more disappointed when I meet pickme girls who are part of the issue. Like it's unfortunately expected when guys say shit to girls online. But when another girl does it, it's just utter disappointment 😭
I'm a level 300 silver, so I'd say no
some dude didnt want to use a gun and just bunny hopped the whole game. we joined
The warning sign would still appear.
Pain.
I’m Japanese and I play in Japan servers but I grew up speaking English so I said nt after my teammate whiffed then I started speaking to my friend who I was steaming on discord for and my teammates were hella fucking confused lmao
I am happy for you getting that grade but I cannot lie when you said mommy a part of me just died
Because I can't play with my friends that way 😞. It's simple, we don't try that hard but try to play the game you know? Shoot some heads, try some plays etc.
Ngl I thought this post was about Riot games, the company who made valorant, and why they hire kids.
Yeh it's a bug. Btw can u give me some tips on how to grind exp that fast
Really thank you. 🥹
[Clove hands](https://x.com/valorantupdated/status/1770419426879283280?s=46&t=k19b4bzrsERGLsxpyvnU0w)
Why yall dunking on Gekko ;-;
Yeah in ranked it’s fine since no one is playing optimally.

This nerf is definitely more geared towards pro play
Saying the valorant pro scene is atrocious is so funny to me. What other team game has regional parity? Kickoff has been electric and it's just the preseason.
I like how reyna turned back and be like: "Did you see that?"
yup.. skye heal is best heal.
That's cool, but why are they basically ignoring the boosters/smurfs? Or is it because that is a much bigger demografic of players? Maybe that would hurt them in terms of active players and playtime? :) I am not opposing punishment for toxicity (toxicity as in yk, racists, sexists, bigotry and all that shit). That would be great. But I believe a WAY bigger problem is the boosters and smurfs. Why would they not maybe even work on BOTH the problems (toxicity punshiments + boosters/smurfs)? Oh, maybe because they are dropping employees? Or maybe that's \[again\] a too big of a playerbase they'd hit and hurt themselves with it? Who knows.
TIP FOR CROSSHAIR PLACEMENT

You can stuck yoru clones on the walls in a custom game with cheats on.
A third type of currency that is crazy
Idk bro I woulda died 7 times before you did.
Two headshots with two bullets, while moving, and while like 50 meters away. Wasn’t even carefully tapping either, just a quick 2 bullet spray with vandal and boom two instantaneous headshots. Literally had me freeze and make sure I did what I just did

Or the time during a 1v1, I quick scope headshot an airborne Raze with a Marshal as they satchelled out of a smoke with their ultimate out. Honestly don’t know which shot was luckier
You don’t get it, it’s cold fire 😮
that’s it, i’m gonna main controller. (been having a “role crisis” and never really played them) time to derank and rank back up
this but unironically
Eh, even if you get everything correct almost nobody in-game will actually care about a title and I think it's stupid that's all you get for guessing everything correctly which might be a hot take.
I've basically heard pros say this:

the gap between Imm1 to Imm3 is the same as the gap between Iron and Diamond, and the gap between Imm3 to Radiant is the same. As you get higher in percentile, just mathematically the skill level is going to scale exponentially.
Can confirm
I'm not sure. She doesn't get sent out on missions a lot so I think there's a possibility she can't revive herself if she dies or others (except clove) making her the most important agent of the valroant protocol. I think this is why she doesn't get sent out on missions a lot and is often helping from the sidelines, as we've seen from the voice comm at the beginning of the new map "abyss" trailer.
He is 9, he will probably go through a lot of life experience in middle/Highschool and possible change his perspectives wildly. If he really wants to though, my advice is to never give up on your dreams. Most people live life only ever hoping for something amazing to happen to them. Very few people have the willpower to seek it out. Going pro in esports will carry risk. But you have to let him decide for himself if it is worth. For now, just keep living life and doing what you love, (try not to sacrifice hanging out with friends / being healthy in the process)
There are different color blind modes for red/green blind people etc.
If you have a good igl on your team, you've won. If you can, learn to stay positive and call easy to execute and understand plays, you will win a majority of your games. Default in pistol round and talk about what your play will be for your first buy round and dont get tilted if players don't cooperate.
I love the chamber ult line when I have an op too. I'm like ok fucker let's play then.
Reyna can dismiss through a deadlock wall.
What is true streched?
Well it's from CS but mezii moves with right click...
Sounds like someone doesn’t know how to break trips and died to them. That trip idea is dumb as fuck
It's not a wallbang. It's just an angle where your gun/shoulder is still peeking out while your eyes/camera is covered. Standing in angles like this is usually a death sentence because enemies can see you and you can't see them.
This is a nice post, gave me a break from all the good plays people usually upload.
well,
Ult seems a little weird if that info is correct.

Unless it requires aim somehow it sounds like there’d be just zero counterplay in a 1v1 situation.

But I really don’t think riot would do that so I’ll wait and see.
Being a woman in playing in that server is probably the worst mental hell anyone can ever go through. Even other women/girls are toxic towards you.
jumping into comp right when you hit the minimum level is a mistake as you really don’t have a full grasp on game mechanics. lower your sens and make it second nature to keep your crosshair at head level, and take your time. you’re only level 26 and really starting to play the game, you got this easy
Yea same. I give someone who can't afford skins, or otherwise just can't purchase them, a little enjoyment from getting to use a skin. Doesn't bother me one bit unless they're like demanding it rudely every round. Most times people ask me nicely though so I don't mind.
And it takes SO MUCH to break
I still delude myself into thinking they might make a champions operator one day
less vertical motion when you flick, plus there's a "lock-on" aim assist mechanic when your crosshair crosses over someone's head.
Right when it's nerfed hard...
fade and sky still counter cypher. You just have to coordinate your entry with the dogs more. Kayo just shuts cypher down, obviously. Raze still hard counter cypher too, even with the blast pack changes (no cypher is popping out to shoot the blast pack, that’s a bait and a half). 

People are just so used to tripping the trip and then running through all unga bunga that when the sentinel meant to lock down sites starts be able to lock them down, no one wants to activate a neuron to get past it.
Phantom because I hate myself
His buddies are doing all the work.
I think Neon's voicelines are kind of ironic in that sense, she actively tries not to give actual advice like e.g. Brimstone does.

For Kayo, I really know what you mean. He has a few really good lines, but a lot of them are just "Ha Ha, I am a robot, please laugh"
And that's how you get a communication restriction...
Or maybe, just maybe, you're worse than you think and your teammates are better than you think
*college athlete and athletes are the biggest party animals I've ever met
As an Iron player, its very frustrating when we get placed against someone on the enemy team who goes 30+ kills in one match. i get that the ranked reset fucked with things but come on..
Age 35, imm 1 on Val diamond on TFT, plat on league work 730-430 and gym 6 days a week with a kid.
I mean I've always heard titty, rolls off the tongue better than boob in callouts
Bro just said Riot devs understand their game 💀
rito is a small indie company
“You ain’t never gonna get it.”
swiftplay is available in custom so
I cant imagine valorant players having the capacity or attention span to read all of that, if anyone does, goodjob to you
Facts. I kinda feel like the higher the rank, the more mentally ill players become. I'm in Diamond/Ascedant lobbies and the amount of times I've seen players just go AFK or start trolling because they are so tilted.
he was faking his clone ability, duh
Nah, I’ve seen clips of pro players getting kills with it and I’ve gotten a 3k with it once lol
This is it. It's clearly gay magic. Close the thread
But the timer on it already makes him seek out more engagements to get use out of it and keep the shield chain going
I just got caught talking shit for like 2 minutes about my teammate to my mates. 
Nothing too harmless just has a sook but it was embarrassing.
im stuck between astras marshal on pistol round and cyphers cam that can shoot pistols
No problem! Just remember: When in doubt, keep your gun out.
damn i did not know that. thanks for clearing it up
The golds are more likely to succeed at killing an Iso than a higher ranked player. High ranked players are used to shooting at head height and prioritising headshots more than bodyshots. You'll shoot the Iso's head and pop his shield then get 1 tapped back meanwhile the Gold player will begin shooting at literally any pixel they see move on their screen directly to the chest, breaking the shield and landing the 4 more needed to kill the Iso.
they were holding hands until he shot them
Bait used to be believable
can confirm, im underage and got offended by the uncensored f slur
You're right but this is clearly about brand recognition and cocky self advertising. Most of these names (sadly) just don't carry the same reach.
My entire team watched as I 1v1’d the last enemy & then stared at the bomb for 20s not remembering what button to defuse with. Until it blew up.

Yes. It says it. But this was very early on and nerves make spotting it and reading hard.
Bro took one for the team
Yeah, maps are the only things that I don't like about Valorant. If it has good maps, I'd never play CS again.
Watching pro play is also one way to improve in util usage. Granted this is not true in every skills because some are team dependent and there’re no teamwork in rank
Yep, when I first started, I think I tried 1 spike rush, and I was the last guy, killed the last opposing enemy and then was wondering what to do. My teammates told me step by step to press and hold 4 lol
fade gang. restore her art too gang 😭
I dunno man, I remember it differently
Its not rotational aim assist like COD or Apex so it offers no tracking at all meaning you still have to move your reticle close to the enemy yourself before the slowdown, and then any corrections made after that are all on your player input. It is by far on the weaker side if not the weakest actual aim assist in a shooter.   
  
And afaik console can only play against console so it doesn't matter if you have strong aim assist or not, because it will be the same for everyone in your lobbies. Just ask the 5 remaining top 250 Warzone MNK players. (5 is a huge stretch on my part for the joke)
Is there supposed to be sound or something? What am I looking at?
You have to remember the Act just started so there is a clear mix of smurfs and just bad players in one game. That's a pretty broad stroke to paint the community with imo. 

Once you realize none of it matters and you just play comp for the structure and perhaps elevated teamplay then you won't stress.
2 in the body 1 in the head on pistol rounds always feels amazing
i have no idea why they forced map bans on all game modes. swiftplay? questionable, but i guess it's just shorter unrated, and then they get rid of maps on SPIKE RUSH OF ALL THINGS? mental illness
There is a woohoojin lover in this sub that I labeled cause he’s always posting crazy shit. Won’t @ them, but they say shit like: “ Please, I am begging you, watch Woohoojin”, “Watch Woohoojin. No matter what anyone tells you, you NEED to watch Woohoojin.” along with other really interesting takes.  
that's quite the sizeable severance package, much more generous that what I've seen generally.
This guy just stared playing the game and is already asking for a replay system… even new players are asking for it riot
I've seen enough of lotus tbh
Riot doesn’t release this info on purpose. Triggerbots are p easy to detect from a software pov though. Most humans have a reaction time of 150-250ms. Someone playing with a trigger bot will only be limited by their input delay (15-25ms). If the gun is consistently firing within 25ms of a target appearing under their crosshair, you can be fairly confident the player is cheating as this reaction time is not possible. Though most anti cheats are doing stuff like examining application memory to see if any external programs are overwriting / injecting anything. 

In general the more invasive a cheat is the easier it is to detect. Nowadays most tryhard cheaters are streaming to a 2nd pc, which is running something like a pixel bot and then feeding the aim corrections back to the mouse on the 1st pc. Virtually undetectable from an anticheat pov, as nothing fishy is happening on the host OS.
Reducing the length of her wall would be a bad change, that would mainly just be nerfing her in big open areas on maps where running her as a primary control actually makes sense (breeze, icebox B, etc). Playing those maps without even being able to cover the main areas with a simple viper wall would be hell. And reducing the wall length would have far less of an effect on more compact maps like split, bind, etc where she’s run as a secondary controller
Yeah no that’s not how that works… stretched rez does not give you a different viewing angle lmfaoo
As someone with an 87% wr with her, i don’t even use the heal for heal i use it to get a speed boost and wide swing my next enemy
exactly. we need that
In what way it’s worse one? It’s a videogame
Lol this is the most iron-bronze thread I've seen.
His descendants will have to pay his debt
Honestly, I've been guilty of doing this a lot of the time. It's mainly when I pop off and go for the last guy but end up overheating and getting one tapped.
Omen
Yes it will be much easier lol
yeah I can’t imagine it’s possible to lose you pet rock 3 times in one game
shouldn’t matter if he’s in an off angle, if he’s spraying you should have an idea of where he is
And at one point you gained RR because some ass hole on the other team did the same thing.
What's the Miyagi method?
As a Cypher main , please THERE'S ONLY B

THERE'S ONLY B

THERE'S ONLY B

THERE'S ONLY B

THERE'S ONLY B

THERE'S ONLY B

THERE'S ONLY B

THERE'S ONLY B

THERE'S ONLY B
unfortunately you just can't play a competitive game that affects 9 others when you can't commit the time consistently.  

Play a shorter game mode
I honestly have no idea how this is even fun for the Smurf… like congrats so smashed a buncha people you should smash.
Top one (and second) is a headshot kill. Bottom one is kills with body shots. 

Sometimes you'll see different symbols which could mean your killjoy turret killed them, brimstone molly, etc.
This but unironically, I top fragged for the first time in a hot minute on my first game with the skin equipped
Plant A Plant B and Plant C
Submit it as a glitch so riot knows
messi already co owns KRU, maybe one day he'll just sub himself in LMAO
The weak mental is not something uninstalling blitz will help. But yeah.
This patch was focused on Duelists but we're looking more at Sentinels and Controllers later in the year. We don't have exact changelists or any amount of detail I can share yet, but just wanted to assure you that we are thinking and talking about these roles as well.
I would shamelessly say it, but if it was an NA issue, your post would have hundreds of upvotes, not zero.



Rito is leaning towards the NA. NA uses credit card, paypal, coupon, not UPI. And those are the ones you find. Also, the prices are based on $, not rupee. So as the difference grows, the prices reflect.


Also, Rito, why does NA have the update quicker than APAC or EU? Despite the latter being ahead in the timezones as well?
thats only for the newest agent, no?
Just a buff for sage I guess lol
wait these are kinda sick? How do you choose which team to rep though? every classic skin a seperate purchase? limited time to buy with radianite?
just a high sens player
Yeah you're a valorant player too and literally complaining about a question it's sad indeed
Yomen is goated ong
You're not bronze 1, your hidden elo is probably silver 1 to gold 1.

The game deliberately places you 1-2 whole ranks below at the start of each episode because, as per the developer, they want you to prove you deserved your previous rank.

Since your visual rank is much lower than your hidden elo, you'll gain a lot more RR on each win and lose a lot less RR on each loss, this will help you climb back really fast.
Generally speaking, not just to duelist mains or anyone in particular, people need to realise the game is more than just top fragging.

Everyone has a role to play, the bottom fragger on your team may be contributing in other ways like setting up a crossfire for you. People need to focus on working as a team more than just getting kills.
Lol no pre-release everyone put Jett on low tier as a selfish duelist who had no team utility.
Ppl making fun of Fortnite for ages but truth to be told it's one of the best/most users friendly games out there.
Please do not spend 10-12 hours a day focusing on this game.
Cypher trips no longer break after catching one enemy
Or it could mean you are not on the right side of the map to get the kill.

I see what you are saying, but c'mon brah. Let the kids have some fun. Its a videogame at the end of the day. Not everyone is skilled enough to be getting aces all the time and it makes them feel good when they do. People obviously enjoy and feel good about it, even if it's a 4k and a "let me get the last one" kind of ace. Might be the only ace they get all act. No need to be a hater over it imo.
I doubt they're doing this to save bandwidth. It would make sense that the server sends less packets about players that aren't nearby to help cut down on what kind of data is available to cheats but it's kind of ironic it helps legit players cheat in a way.
case closed.
also the unbreakable trip setups are actually a problem. Having the only counter be 3 agents out of a 23 agent roster isn’t really fair tbh.
They literally took it out of rotation for like 3-4 straight acts
immortal. low immortal 1 vs high immortal 3 is comparable to low immortal 1 and silver
Was spectating a dude with a massive whiff, someone asked him how he even managed to hit the install button for val
its fire asf its nice and clean
I would say the elderflame skinline is kinda ugly (unpopular opinion I know). Ghe sound is cool but I just don’t like that I’m squeezing a fucking dragon’s balls to make him shoot. 

I think going after battlepass skins in too easy since they mostly suck (except the velocity skins). Also I can’t remember all the battlepass skins.
It made me happy, I would have "wasted" that money anyway and I still enjoy the skins now. So no, I don't regret them
Try any duelist , be confident in peeking angles and play lots of unrated or dm
4. clove, 7. clove?
she went back to league of legends ;-;
Wth was that
the reyna half odin clip whiff at point blank range wtf
TL;DR:  

1) Team Deathmatch coming with next act. New maps specifically built for the mode.

2) New ways to unlock accessories from previous Battlepass that you might have missed. 

3) 2 New Agents coming for 2023. Sentinel and then a duelist to end the year.
If you have skins you like favorite them and then use the randomizer so you get different ones every game
I play in lower ranks and having a filled smoke feels like playing against double or tripple controller.
‘I’m not using the best weapons in the game and am at a disadvantage because of it’ like dude. use a rifle. it’s the easiest answer to what you just said. use the gun everyone else uses. the ones the game is built around
It might be an unpopular opinion but I would legit wait 5 to 10 minutes for a legit solo que. The amount of smurfs in this game is crazy.
Damn she can’t catch a break
r/everyfuckingthread
When they first introduced it my friend was a very high level, so everytime we was in the lobby people always asmued he was good (which he was), but it also put a lot of pressure on him and when he wasn't doing good people would flame him. He hated that you couldn't hide the level because he either got bullied or people expect him to carry everytime. He stop playing untill they added the future to hide it.
4 possible entries in 1 huge map.

Horrible, just absolutely horrible.
If you are sore you might not perform optimally. Something to note is riot pushing people out of higher ranks.


Immortal this act is top 0.5% where as Immortal during episode 7 act 2 was top 1%. Half of the Immortal player base has effectively been pushed out of the rank. Riot is making it harder and more prestigious to get Immortal. 
If you tell me in voice coms u are gforce now im reporting you 😂
What if all you have are let's say a sage slow and heal, you can't really do that right??
A lot of times people say gamesense more important than aim. But now in ascendant, my gunplay and dueling sense is so lacking.  
  
The truth is you need to improve in all areas and probably the least covered and most difficult one is micro decision making.
You forgot the fact that her util used to have unlimited range AND stayed active after Killjoy was killed.
I think buying 2nd round after losing 1st is definitely viable, especially in lower elo’s when people don’t always buy out after winning it. I think the most important thing is to just be in sync with your team
They straight up denied me when I drew a picture for VP 💀 they also denied the “one time refund” I’m convinced they actually have me flagged or something
Wtf do people do that
Yoru’s hand glows when another yoru uses tp
or a series, a series with the animation quality of their trailers or Arcane-like animation would be reaaally cool
Chamber: :troll:
What’s angle snapping? Like binds that move your crosshair a certain amount of degrees automatically
 A great copy of the original, but as an artist myself, i would like to say that art is about expressing your take on a thing. Not photocopying it. Don't get me wrong, tracing is a great way to learn, but it should merely be done for practice, and shouldn't be shown to the public. Because there's no "you" in this piece. Can you post an original next time? It can be worse than this one but it will get better over time.
Accidentally picking up a shorty instead of a vandal would literally make me rage lol
Lol you can see the Riot employee comment on it too
No it hasn't gotten worse. There's a pretty clear noticeable nerf.

FYI Masters Tokyo is not played on the latest patch, it's on the previous patch so no gun balances or pearl changes.
People said the same thing about Gekko and Harbor when they released. Give creative teams time to try work her in down the line (E.g., PaperRex)
Good lord what am I watching and I hope the music is edited in how do you even hear anything. Nice ace nonetheless!
If it can be done before anyone plays their next match then sure, but do that already anyways via just canceling the game. But once matches after the game in question start to be played then it gets complicated.

E.G. you lost elo and then played an easier match next game where you would've otherwise lost. Returning the ELO would be inflating your elo assuming you would've lost the next game otherwise.

Imagine if say you played vs 50 hackers over 3 months but it gets detected only after 3 months. You suddenly get all of your elo back and you literally jump from platinum to radiant. Wouldn't make much sense would it? Because you your elo return would just inflate your elo when you've only been winning vs plats. Now imagine having to apply that across the board for the entire community. Things will either be really fucked or end up exactly the same anyways. 

In the end there's no real need and could cause more harm than good because the system is designed to get you back to where you deserve.
Bring back my relatives that passed away with sage ult? Nah, easier daily commute 😎
Phoenix's Pyro healing

Astra's Astral Form

Neon's Nitro Bar

All of these are passive
You've got more games played in this act alone than my career
None of the nonsense. Just a good map.
When I started Pearl was my favorite map. I haven't seen it in a year and honestly it might be 2 by the time it comes back
It’s a character that has to be bad because when they’re good they’re annoying. It’s like chamber.
Is there any Triple A gaming company that admitted that their game is dying or losing players LMAO. Lets be serious guys at this point Riot is big enough to be a triple A company.
That was me LOL
they're projecting their sad lives and internalized misogyny onto the internet because it's the only place they can get away with it. irl they'd be fired/suspended or worse.
Ask deadpool
chamber is the valorant version of "Nerf minor" now?
That's different, though. In pro play they do it because everyone has good head level crosshair placement and it throws the opponent off. In ranked it's not as ideal to be crouching and leave yourself stuck in a one and done.
the way you think about the game is wrong, darting and catching nobody there is not wasting util, you're literally gaining info
Yeah I mean it’s mostly just for practise, but I will probably never use it to take space in ranked. Maybe if I know that someone has a tendency to walk down tube I could get a sneaky pick one round at least
Map rotations are on a set schedule.
My first thought xD
When I saw tarik boosting pokimane in Diamond i knew riot actually encourages smurfing.
I thought phantom was gaining in top level play?
finish act triangle to get act rank

best act rank in episode determines rank buddy
They talked about a series like Arcane.
Riot's favorite child
Bro literally jumped
1vX cross map w rifle is way easier than with awp but buying an awp isn't trolling. You just have to adjust the way you play the round. You should almost never be in a crossmap 1vX w awp anyways bc ur team shouldn't let that happen
I say whoever doesnt have lineups, isnt first to entry and who doenst stay back to watch flank
Based.
"new to val" isn't that skin from the first ever battle pass? O.o
In comp someone might ask to let them fight the last if they already have 4 kills. Usually if it's 5v1 or smth I'd just run at the enemy to bait for the person acing. If it's 2v1, I'd play for the trade so we don't throw the round. Generally though, most people in comp prioritize the round over an ace unless it's 5v1.

In casual modes, it's more expected that you let them ace since losing a round is chill. It's a courtesy more than anything but getting angry over it is a huge overreaction on their part :)

There have been plenty of times I've accidentally stolen an ace or had my 4k stay a 4k and that's totally chill. It happens and unless they think you did it on purpose, most won't get mad (and I don't care if I don't ace)
Oh God...that's what I was looking forward to most.
Ah, so you toggled aimbot to take vengeance on the Jett, wp.

/s
New agent? Also it’s pointless hoping at this point but I always hope chamber gets buffed
People instalog a new acc into dm to troubleshoot their hack.
Like I’ve seen enough point blank misses for it to be useful.
As someone who has a degree in psychology, social psychology specifically, and is now working within the field and has experience with deviant behavior in children and adolescents, I absolutely love calm-frying trolls lol.
I came to this post thinking it was about sentinels the team/org haha
Usually the characters who have something in their kit that enables better playing with the op is agents that can get back to safety fast (Chamber tp, yoru tp, jett dash,...) Gekko has nothing like that. So they just play op cause theyre good at it. Plus not like an op is bad on defense.
I might adjust the radius a bit haha thanks for letting me know :D!

What do you mean with it being hard to put it where u want?
Imagine using an ult to get to a disadvantageous situation. 

Pretty sure it's getting patched in a few days
this doesn’t work in high immo i tried it and the iso just stood as far back as possible because he heard me stomping like an elephant
Buying Outlaw + Frenzy instead of a rifle is insane bro
Two more weeks guys 🫣🫣
playing with a duelist duo as breach is objectively more enjoyable than playing any other initiator just because of the tomfoolery and shit you can pull off with 20 minutes of customs training and decent coordination
I don’t think it go to 150, it go to whatever armor they bought like if they bought light, they get 125
It’s a personal matter to keep it private but also studies show when higher profile people commit suicide & it’s made public, the suicide rate goes up. It’s not to hide the matter.
i wouldnt use her sensors for flank unless its an open area youre actively watching to ‘trap’ enemies pushing it. i put one on the bomb, or have it so the blast radius covers the spike then if possible i have the other in a choke the enemy has to push through.

my biggest tip with her sensors is to make sure you or someone on your team can kill the concussed enemies 99% of the time otherwise they arent that much use. sometimes they can tell you when someone is on flank but i find theyre much better when you can play off them for an easy kill lol.

her wall is good for blocking off a flank so thats fine for you to do still.
So many languages in the world and my boi decided to spit facts
Omen fake tp is canon now.
Isn't this his ult old fire rate? I'm not so sure. Boy have I waited. As a chamber main I am so happy
Madam, peak chamber was an atrocity to this games balance for an entire year. He was in literally every single game on both teams. 

Is an OP one-shot to the leg really that difficult to land? Let alone hitting the chest, or TPing across the damn map every 30 seconds?
I had a guy who thought if he sent me death threats and be really fucking toxic towards me, he would get a skin. 
I asked him if he thought that type of behavior would make me drop him and he was 100% sure it would make me drop him.
I’m middle eastern and found that shit funny
Bottom fragging is a universal right - nay I say it's the origin of live.. BF does not discriminate. BF welcomes people of all ages, ethnicity or agent.
Bad guys in movies when the protagonist is caught in an open area with no cover
What are the stats for Sheriff?
Wait do the tournament accounts not just have all skins unlocked like in league? Pro players still have to buy them?
Not sure, but funny story: A russian guy was once in one of my matches dying instantly every round, and screaming "Cypher's hookah". It only took us 20 minutes of imaginary players in mid to figure out that he was actually saying "Cypher сука", which means "bitch Cypher" in Russian.
Most mentally sane Valorant player
ah, this guy must be the legendary Above Average Jonas
no? left deals 50, right deals 75, but its true that right clicking is inefficient if not from behind, though i guess he wanted to go for style points
I'm insecure that I run faster with my crocs than with my running shoes.
Nice As
return to monke
I bought araxys just for the crackling scale-y sound!! I absolute adore that, should've gotten the bundle in retrospect. Absolutely love the aesthetic of that skin, it's also rare to find it in game. Every color except for the purple one looks fire too. 

Though on the other hand for example, I first really liked neptune because I like fish and aquariums, but got bored really fast because I keep seeing it in every single game.
Had a teammate buy a spectre in overtime. Granted it was swift play so it ultimately didn't matter but I was befuddled lol
My friend (main jett) decided to try reyna and became disgustingly good. 🤮
i figured this would be exactly like sunset release where i literally could not find a game on the new map without it being dodged but for some reason i am extremely unlucky and 9/10 times i am playing abyssm i have played haven ONCE since it was added back and bind 2 times. i have had a minimum 10 games on abyss and atleast 5 on icebox, very little hyperbole here
FWIW Matches cannot go on for longer than 1h30, at that point they're drawn automatically
Yeah, I don’t think people understand that you can climb really freaking high if you are just an aimer.  

In my experience Diamond - Asc is filled with aimers which often reach Immortal, but never get over the hump of adjusting play styles according to the flow of the game. Which leads to huge egos lol 

But numbers are numbers, so I ain’t gotta fight against public opinion on this one.
Harbor commenting on fade “Shes right that shit is scary!”
Nah bro his team is throwing and he plays vs smurfs all the time
Is this skin designed by clove?
This is literally the most common wall in high elo for a reason.
Found the riot employee who saw this https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/s/dzBwd4gXl5
Thanks for supporting my loss of money
Why break me
Dies from reading peak fiction..
I'm not sure if it's just me but, a lot of games I've been getting recently have very few toxic players. They tend to be supportive and follow up with strat.
Because it is YOUR fault that HE is stuck in HIS rank. He would already be radiant if every game he didn't get people like you in his team. He is always perfect, he doesn't need to be exceptional in the game to easily rank up. /s

If these people could see that its only their actions that control the difference of the outcome for their game, then they could realize that the action of flaming only has a negative effect for the outcome. But this is sadly a too hard to grasp concept for this community.
Never, and my aim isn’t even crazy, it’s just decent for immortal.
You can try to hit like top 35 radiant.

Because there's still a massive gap between low radiants and high radiants. Take some streamers, for example, that consistently place #1 radiant and another radiant that's barely in top 400 or sometimes drops immortal 3, still a massive skill gap between the two.

If you're looking for a game that's really competitive and has a long grind and a massive skill cieling, you can try chess on chess.com
My g2 the other day the Reyna straight admitted it in chat on the opposing team. Went like 40-7. Said “sorry. Guys I’m boosting” 

I am pretty much fed up with ranked. If you look at this guys history he has 9 straight mvp games as a Silver 3 while dropping 30 kills. How is someone like this not double or triple ranked up to Plat or Diamond almost instantly? 

Clearly the system doesn’t work
Nice try riot
I like that smoke for baiting out their util, they’re going to waste util making sure you’re not hiding in there with a shotgun and you can also slow walk into the corner and catch them off guard depending on your elo.
Me and my friend in discord were crying laughing after it happened lmao
My favourite thing I’ve done with it was when a sage jump peeked me with an op and I just started at them till they shot LMAO.
Don't forget Kj alarmbot and Chamber trip can be smoked off and passed through, while cypher trip can only be bypassed by movement util that only 5 characters in the game have.
ah yes, the physics subreddit: r/VALORANT
Yeah, your fade is just monkey brain then, pay them no heed
Yea it sucks. It's not the reason why I don't climb, that's just because I'm not great at the game and don't play much anymore. 


My grief is that it does take the fun out of the game. If it's a hard fought game and I lose 7+ to 13, I still had a good time. When smurfs are really good, it takes away a lot of the strategy of the game. Whether they're on my team or against me. 


I'd rather lose and have participated than get carried and have done nothing. 
rank distribution wise, yes.
Callouts need to be words that you can say fast. While "heaven" and "high ground" have the same number of syllables, "heaven" is a bit easier/faster to say. Just "up" or "high" is probably not specific enough.
Redditors that don't use paragraphs shouldn't be allowed to post.
Big ole nothing burger. Cool.
1600 0.9 is very high lol wtf
Noone had god tier aim in plat. Ppl just have bad positioning, 0 comms, no util etc.
It's entirely situational. If you think this is the last chance your team will have at planting (time is running out, you're about to be pushed out of site etc). Most of the times it will be better to just deal with incoming enemies, but in certain situations dying to get the spike planted is hte best call
9-11 🥰
Naw I just got it back I never touched the skin and it was eligible on the riot page for a refund I clicked yes so fast
lmfao jesus dude
Idk what these people are yapping about your omen gameplay. Tping will always be a high risk high reward playstyle and can often catch players offguard especially during chaotic situations ( friendly raze ult, footsteps, hectic team comms ).
His chat has been set up the same way for years now
Literally the sole reason why cs2 is better than val frfr
If matchmaking can dynamically change who you're matched against based on hidden combat data, the reward system should be able to dynamically adjust RR rewards based on match data. 


The more I play, the more I'm convinced Riots whole goal is to make ranking up incredibly difficult so that you keep playing to achieve whatever goals you have.
Disagree with your first thing. On attack especially a duelist just needs to be traded to have done their role. A neon that bhoos in like crazy and dies but gets the site anchor killed won the round for that team.
I'm not buying a skin or a bundle due to their cool guardian skin, prime/rgx are great; and this is the type of gun that one great skin is enough for my personal collection.
Yeah, like hell I'm gonna let the Jett and Reyna mains take Clove. I've already suffered enough as a controller main.
Some of the advantages KJ has over Cypher, other than the vastly more impactful ult as you mentioned, are

1. Her turret gathers information passively, compared to Cypher's camera, which requires him to afk while it's in use. This let's her hold an additional angle herself, and to spread this angles out in more versatile ways. This used to be a lot stronger before the turret FOV nerf, but it's still good.

2. Her turret deals damage and has higher HP than a camera. Combined with #1, this allows her to swing off her turret in ways that Cypher can't swing off his camera. You don't just have to let it die for free if you don't want to.

3. Her nanoswarms deal damage on their own, and do not require KJ to babysit them the way Cypher has to babysit his trips in order to get kills off them.

4. She is just a lot easier to set up in the buy phase than Cypher, making her easier to use for a wider variety of players, and just more comfortable and reliable in general. She has near total freedom to place her util, making it harder to counter with lineups from damaging enemy util.

However, she has disadvantages too, and they are more apparent now that Cypher has been buffed. KJ has range on her util which really hurts her on big maps like Breeze, her turret has to hold multiple angles to get as much info value as Cypher, all of her util can be destroyed including her ult, etc. I'm sure KJ mains know even better than I do.

As a Cypher main I've always felt that he was more viable than people thought, especially after the tripwire and ult buffs. I don't really like the more recent resetting trip buff, and welcome it being removed or at least tuned down a lot, but what it really did was make people stop overlooking him. Now suddenly he's everywhere, and it's magnifying how strong he appears to be.
Everbody was Kung fu fighting
A group of butterflies is called a kaleidoscope
true stretched res without winexp
Honestly it's fantastic design and it's probably how Valorant got so many players because the CS playerbase could make a seem less transition
If you can't play duelists, Brim is a good choice. His ult is huge and having a player that knows how to smoke well can go a long way.
Because "Social media made y'all way too comfortable with disrespecting people and not getting punched in the face for it." - Mike Tyson
This thread is posted like three times a day. The map pool sucks, Riot doesn't care, they aren't changing it anytime soon.
feels like it really doesn't work against smurfs either, since they can avoid the process altogether with like... 3 bucks?
As a 28 year old Val player I experience the opposite. People my age are much more tolerable to play with. It’s always the teenagers who play selfishly and refuse to work with the team. They’re the ones running it down, they’re the ones who start a game 0-4 and decide that they’ll just feed and think it’s funny while everyone else is wanting to win.

They’re also the ones buying on save rounds and telling people “dude it’s just a game, so what(if I throw)”
First time I opened the game I immediately changed it to English. The LATAM Spanish dub is [terribly bad](https://youtu.be/yJkpYgub7iI).
Kayo flashes everyone of his team with his robotic schlong
Champs 2023, Araxys, Prelude

Kuronami is growing on me but I don’t think I’ll use it as much as those others
i find it cute how butterflies represent the dead in multiple cultures, and her motif is butterflies and comes back from the dead:D reminds me of hu tao kind of, although her butterflies are there for a different reason
that finisher gives Darkest Dungeon stress heal vibes haha

  
I love the bayonets on the guns too!

  
Anyway, will be happy to pick one off the floor.
Clara strikes again.
don't die
This is the kind of optimism I needed, thank you 🙏🏻
Today I found out. Diamond 3. Been straggling since I started because it’s what was used to in cs with 5k hours. Wow. I feel dumb.
I am sorry for any mistakes in text English not my first language
Eh idk, knowing how management thinks in dollars.. its more likely to me that they just don't care to spend dev time on a feature that won't directly contribute to their bottom line.
Bro it's iron these mf push though smokes no matter what.


Just play your main
the kills got more devious as the video went on goddamn
Bro I was so panicked I just shot it
Smurfing irl
Yeah Night Market weapons only go up to the Premium Tier weapons. Kuronami is a tier above that (Exclusive Tier), so it'll never appear in the Night Market. However, it might appear in your store. 4 skins (of any tier) will appear in your store daily. Just check your store every day, and hopefully you'll find a Kuronami skin there. But since there's only 4 skins per day, it might take a long time before the Kuronami skin appears in your store, unless you get lucky.
Cypher, Raze, Yoru, Breach, Astra.  


All of them above are just phenomenal when played in the best way possible. Like just imagine Cypher setups that is designed to be unpredictable and to make sure you're dead as soon as you enter site without a dog or prowler or raze nade/boombot.  Raze with perfectly placed nades and fast entry into site with great movement is just insane to counter. Yoru is Yoru, haven't played much good Yorus but when I did it was a hard time. Breach just makes coordinated aggression so much more easier, paired with Neon/fast duelist like Raze/Jett is just free 1/2 kills at times. Astra is almost the same case as Breach, also she has the fake smokes which can catch many players off guard. These 5 I am wary of.
So anecdotal evidence? Stats from tracker.gg show that the game's player count peak was showing of this year. People saying that the game is dying are talking out of their ass.
Gi-giv-gi-giv-giv-giv-gi-giv-giv-giv-gi-giv-giv give me a corpse
It's funny because riot has the best monetization in the industry. Not for us, but for them. If you stop and think about it, it's as if 50% of all my lobbies have skins for multiple guns. It's insane how they're able to sell so many to the average Joe.
"Get a kill and back off" are we still talking about low elo?
> now I have nothing to show for it.

*You* are better for it, and remember that the rank drop happens to literally everyone. The Bronze 1s in your games today are the same Silver 2s you played with at the end of last season.

Anyway, the climb after the reset is relatively fast if you play often and are improving. In my experience, you will reach Silver 2 and be right back on track before you know it.
I think Ascent is in dire need of a rework. Way too CT sided and the meta on Ascent hasn’t changed in a very long time. Almost every pro team does the same thing in terms of strategies and it makes the map so stale. One of the more boring maps to watch and play in my opinion.
... keep gooning, you're nearly there.
You used VP. It's 8000 KC or 1000 VP.
But lurking 5 lost rounds in a row isnt working. You have to adapt.
He also started duoing (with a radiant and the JeyG who boosted his account in the first place) even though he said he was going to solo q. He definitely isnt a radiant level player if hes struggling in asc - low immo lobbies lol. Whenever me and my duo get queued against him he always looks super lost.
imperium
Zekken yesterday, aspas today, Inspire tomorrow.
Someone not talking is the exception rather than the norm in cs
Its not angry more like frustrated. \
I personally use spike rush to try and practice new agents since i can use the abilities more, and running into 1 shot kill Chamber every round of every game really ruins the vibe. Plus not everything needs to be competitive for you to care about it, sometimes you just want to have fun in spike rush but its pretty hard to have fun like that. \
Imagine if it was gun game and someone had a free vandal the whole match?
Latest developments here after the events of the cinematics, Deadlock's settling in and has some intel to share about an "interverse", and Omen isn't about to let Brimstone forget how many times he previously warned him about Max Bot.

With Atlas ceasing their investigation into Lotus, this could be the final one we get here, we'll see what happens in 7.01 (or maybe they move to Pearl and follow another Omega story, they're still hunting for McEneff and Pontes)
Hot dam, that wild west Sheriff, Marshal and Odin are chefs kiss.

Those reload animations, dam. I now have a wanted bounty on the funds to buy this bundle.
Since everyone is sharing their upgrade story, I will too. I was hardstuck Iron on 60hz and finally made an upgrade to 144hz and now I’m bronze :)
The fact your mad means it’s working 😭
best thing you can is to find gun skin with quiet sound and buy it, like prime vandal
You'll have to get up to probably immortal maybe a little im ascendant to have people take space quickly. The thing holding me back for the longest time was trying to force the "right" plays. Once I just played around my low elo teammates, I skyrocketed. 

My biggest tip to anyone in low elo, if your team can't/won't enter, just rotate. Immediately. Standing behind a smoke does absolutely nothing. Is this the correct play? No, usually not. But it works in low elo. Just keep the team moving always.
Come over
I’m begging for your enemies to shoot the trips
thankfully not. It was an unrated with average player ranks of bronze 3
Prime
You’re doing something right, 140 games is a lot to get lucky. Theory 2, but you should try to improve your adr and impact anyway 
Honestly the only reason I want a replay system is so I can spectate the opponents to see what they're doing. I've only seen 1 cheater detected screen since day 1 but we've been playing against a ton of sus 5 stacks lately that always seem to know what we're doing
Stay everything. Ripoff is woke
im probably the only one who still turns gekko flash like a normal flash i hate playing against him
KJ is still your quintessential anchor/ post plant sentinel. Ideally you'll play her a little slow. If you don't like playing slow or you find yourself being the first or second person on site she might not be for you. 

Playing kj on defense is very easy. Pick a site with only two entrances (Ascent B for example), play with 0-1 teammates. Turret covers the path they're less likely to take, you watch the other. Throw your swarm grenades in ways that either deny common plant spots and are hard to break (there are a lot of these set ups on the internet) or just use them to stall pushes. Remember to activate them after their contract rushes in (aka their jett dashes into a smoke to create space) so you split up the team and deny their contact support. Alarm bot can be set up to either scout info or force people to choose between planting and getting hit, delays plant to avoid it, or draws away their crossair to destroy it. Think of your bots more for info than anything. If your turret dies to people pushing market that's fine cause you can position to take the fight while they have no idea where you are. 

Offense is pretty straightforward too. Set up turret to watch flank, use alarm bot for either extra coverage (Lotus B is a good one that might be extra help) or to dissuade pushes. Ideally you'll learn some line ups for swarms and plant the bomb for those line ups. If you're in a safe place with 2 swarms you basically won the round. 

I saw in your post you like to play Cypher. People like to compare the two a lot but I've played both and I think they're useful for different sites/maps. I probably wouldn't play kj on bind B for example, but they're interchangeable on ascent B. Cypher also has a much easier time being a lurker/ flanker due to how his utility works. Kj should never really try for those roles imo. Basically if Cypher is an offense anchor kj is a defensive anchor. Hope that gives you some direction!
"Who needs training dummies when you have real dummies"  
\- Jett
The [Black.Market](https://Black.Market) collection is essentially a set of skins designed to look like guns from CSGO. This classic looks like a Glock.

The price is set because Riot decided it that way.

The FAMAS skin for the bulldog is fucking sick but the rest are pretty mid.
I could not imagine an iron player trying to IGL lmao
I was silver and I got smacked right down back into bronze
Just like how zywoo and simple is in cs i dont think any player has stayed relevant for that long in valorant.
I do it because it pisses you off, like it has for years in videogames
Bros going through his neace arc I see
The effects, color is nice but I just can't with the spinny shit in the middle.
I didn't know plastic lobbies actually exist
Nope. I remember a couple early ones but not my first.
I like to throw the Q into a smoke or behind a bangable box and spam it. It works very well!
A Jett dying to fall damage.
 Find where he is and dump util. This coming from a S3
Consistency is extremely hard to achieve (and that’s probably putting it lightly). a lot of factors play into it too like sleep and eating habits, weather, caffeine intake, exercise, mood… a slight change in any of these can mean the difference between you top or bottom fragging. it’s just not something that can be achieved practically.
i mean it's shit but 9rr from a draw is not exactly an L tbh i'd just take it and move on
I can’t drive a car.
Nice question. For starters, we know that Harbor can influence the temperature of water, which means that the temperature might not be constant throughout the ability usage.   


>"\[...\] Harbor gets his powers from an ancient Radianite artifact, a Bracelet and a set of rings. The Bracelet unleashes the force of water, and the Rings control its temperature and movements... together they give him 'infinite power' to get that control over the element..." — 'The New Wave' livestream, 1:12:37

That being said, there are a few things that might hint to the water's temperature. The first thing is the clothes that Harbor is wearing. He doesn't have long sleeves, which indicate a warmer living climate. I would say that suggest that he might use warmer water. 

Another thing we can see while looking at the water is the absence of any evaporation. This means that the water can't be too hot. At most lukewarm I would say.

If we look at the color we see a dark greenish color. To mee this resembles something you would see in a colder ocean. 

&#x200B;

To conclude I would still guess that he would use adjust the water to be lukewarm since it is nicer to run through the water that way. Or maybe he makes it cold and only warmer when he has to walk through it himself.
TDM, has abilities, and can get peeked from multiple angles. But probably is the best option currently for this.

Iso ult, once every 7 orbs you get to practice? No

Unrated, you practice everything in unrated. What if you just wanna peek and gun for a bit.

Oh and Custom, Don't have any friends
This is for all ults guys*. Stop holding off on that perfect res, certain, etc... you can get an ult back, you cannot get that round win back

*Some restrictions may apply. Please see you IGL for more details
That's rude to you? Lol Jett is straight disrespectful compared to her.
I started playing Counter-Strike when I was 15.

I'm 39 now.

I've played enough Counter-Strike for one lifetime.
Reyna , If my aim sucks I won't do nothing on the match , and my aim sucks 90% of the time
Fade. “I’m up, I’m *up!* Shit.”
your sage peeking that angle with op and immediately dying is so relatable.
It's really funny when they do because they always look straight ahead and fail to notice you walking right next to them because they also don't have headphones
Its just unrated, and its easy to rotate in this map... 😬
See you all in three years time, when we get a continuation of the story!!
Honestly he seems SUPER confident and casual in the story trailer. I mean, man doesn’t even try to be sneaky or ambush his target. He just rolls up on the full gank squad sipping his boba.

There’s a good chance he *is* just vibing.
Double tap is NOT just minor insurance. It shields you from all one taps.
I dont belive this ever will happen. The maximum i saw in 2 years valorant was 2 people suppressed.
Silver-Gold
tell him to get good
I wonder if the ammo change is going to end up being an indirect way of giving Sage a slight buff among the other things? Her pick rate isn’t exactly blossoming in higher level play outside of Icebox which isn’t in the map rotation for now.
wouldn’t it be cool if there was like a replay viewer so you could check this stuff ?
although toxic in general, in SEA servers like Mumbai and Singapore i feel this is less of a problem, totally from personal experience. guys are either usually super nice or act like they're playing with their mom and be super formal.
Every skin that I popped off with when I picked it up and then bought for myself later on
Me and my duo play double smokes with viper and omen and it can carry almost every game even with minimal comms between us, viper is amazing in ranked just need two controllers and nobody wants to do that
Seemed like a pretty unlikely bug, I kinda forced that to happen, but I'm not surprised, as other games do have squishing mechanics to avoid out of bounds stuff
THEY ARE **SO** DEAD
Gaming communities were always toxic against woman and over recent years kids started with that "alpha male" bs becazse of ppl like andrew tate or sneako
1% chance they're doing something productive for the team like that
anything but replays i see
It’s more like $100 seeing as there’s no 8700 VP bundle
Viper is fucking sick with her mask on.
I think it depends on your distance from the enemy. If you're really close to them, spray. 

If they're further away, stop shooting and strafe until your accuracy resets (a quarter second or so) while lining up their head, then stop and shoot one or two more bullets. A typical way to do this is "overflick", that is, aim past their head, then use the strafing movement to line their head up again. 

If those miss, strafe again while your accuracy resets. You can actually get the first-bullet accuracy while changing directions, so you don't even need to stop strafing. This is "deadzoning".

If you get hit and slowed, stop trying to strafe and immediately flick and spray. It's not incredibly likely to work, but the slow effect actually improves your accuracy a bit. This is also one of the few occasions where you could crouch spray.
I wish I could aim that calmly. Never rushed a shot.
It’s because they understand the fundamentals and ways to make the cheating look legitimate
Fwiw I know ur shitpisting but I think he knows. Clove has a line some thing like "me and phoenix on the same team? They're gonna waste twice the bullets!". But he didnt reply, so mb not listening.
What am I looking for in this video?
If they're telling the truth the yes its boosting, and no, they won't get banned
No wonder Brim gives up answering the phone. Sage being everyone’s therapist must be rough too. They both feel like exhausted parents.
Yeah together with the changes to B Main it feels like just go A the whole half, maybe B once or twice
i like playing against cypher on bind. it is the only map out of all of them where a strong cypher is not broken.
Sheriff, love everything with this gun, shot, reload even the recoil i think it force me to take time to shoot
I never draw because if I've just spent 40 mins playing a game, I'd like to at least try and get something from it, even if it ends in a loss
I laughed at:

...this sends "you" into a blind fury...

lol does OP think everyone is an emo kid?
Can confirm. I hit silver act before last and can say I just had the epiphany yesterday I'm not losing gunfights because I can't aim, it's because I make myself such an easy target.
On top of all this, his streaming numbers doesn’t even seem to justify all this effort and headaches as well. He has like only 300  live viewers every time I see him live. His youtube channel is moderately successful but maybe it doesn’t earn much long term or as consistently. Valorant content creators just create the same loop of “how to inprove” videos anyways so i can fully believe it if he doesn’t actually want to do that forever.
Cause it was made by Riot, that is literally the answer.
ngl i thought this would be bad.

THIS IS INCREDIBLE. Sick edit!
Yesterday day I had to play against someone with an episode 6 ascendent buddy in bronze, very fun man
Well if it works, it works
She heals to 100 btw not 90.
Phoenix in Paris
Worry about getting better my friend, not your rank.
Iron sharpens Iron
If I have to play breeze/icebox again I am committing a crime
I wouldn’t like to see more healing abilities cause if the agent turns out to be bad people will still pick them cause “we need a healer”, for example people pick sage who is prolly the worst overall sentinel right now
wtf on all the hate here? looks incredible!
Wtf... that's just low, even for lower ranks. But immortal?! I expected more from people in those ranks, to atleast act a bit more grown-up. :|
According to vstats.gg, during this act, the least played is Harbor with only 3.6% pickrate followed by Astra
Vuln or fragile.
Male: chamber

Female: viper all the way
But isn’t that what the smurf wants? To stay in lower elo’s to destroy the bronze to make themselves feel good.
how they know its over and trying to run away
I continue to sarcastically advocate for sage’s ultimate to kill a random player in another ongoing game when the resurrection occurs. Lore accuracy is very important to me
Looks like me
It probably just has to do with graphics settings, i have a potato pc so i never had the glow
this is y u should always have some sort of tick. whether it’s looking at jiggling, spamming crouch, or spamming tab u should always do smt to keep ur brain active
you can also be Cypher on B :)
those guys aint your friends bro
I've had episodes where I grind back up to my old peak, just to face the rank reset all over again. Mostly when I was in low elo, because ranking out of iron-gold is absolute hell. Inconsistent players, players who lag out every game bc of bad setup (part of the reason they're stuck in low elo), bad comps, no one knows how to play smokes or flashes, throwers, smurfs, bots, kids, no commers, it's a mixed bag.
Iv been playing since BETA so seen all the intros as they've come out. The OGs are nostalgic I'd be abit sad if they changed. Something comforting about picking your favourite agent and knowing the noises and visuals that are coming.
kinda looks ass to me and also repeated concept
“Why did you pick Jett just to lurk all game”
I’m winning this - I had a Sage throw in comp because our Reyna wouldnt MEOW
off angles. i deal with radiant smurfs in asc and immortal by holding off angles and i love watching the vods of them perfectly pre aiming every known angle just to skip right over my head and go on to the next angle
When Reyna gets too much caffeine
I played a game yesterday in a full asc lobby and my wall did not break a single time
Make map restrictions comp only or something. I get why they do it, but I don't agree because I like the variety. Fuck balance, give me fun!
colliding with a bullet 💀 aka getting shot? looks like it hit the wire as another user pointed out
Best voiceline has to be Enemy Deadlock ult shouting "My territory! My rules!"
The really question why do such people have still access to the game…
The only good Reynas are on the enemy team
Good lord ☠️
He has the most versatile wall and is great for defusing and planting bc of cove. But as a solo smoker he can’t really smoke both sites.

I think his pick rate will be higher with abyss because he’s the only one that can smoke heaven and CT on B site
Endless suffering
Can instantly tell this thread was made by someone in plat or below. It's a different world there.
Dude... maybe it´s time for a break, huh? My uncle died of this.
*Don't stress if I die, it was great knowing you all. Also delete my hard drive*
Pls tell ur cypher to not do those trips 💀
I'd like to know what rank OP is, because as someone playing on console where game sense is awful, I can definitely see why people think Duelist is pointless.

I play Neon and the amount of times I've broken through to point, got a pick and then died on my own because my team are still slow peaking the angles I just cleared is insane. I'm usually the only one on mic and can barely ever tell if my team are actually listening or if they just mute me as soon as I ask or spike carrier not to slow walk through mid.

The games where I bottom frag are usually the ones we win because it means my team actually followed into the space and got the trades on my deaths
Probably like 5 or 6.

26 is insane lol
How are you playing this game at 40fps?
Agent makes me believe riot should make non duelist roles more compelling to play rather than creating weird duelist hybrids to try and trick people into roles other than duelist.
Reloading on 16 bullets in a 1v4 is funny :^)

Good support tho!
lmfao 😭😭
 I love gekko
she sounds kinda british sometimes no? am I wrong? even in cinematics
He should have two trips. Another neat thing would be if he had a second teleporter that he could place somewhere on the map and when in range of either one he would teleport to the other.  Idk just a thought.  

His ult is also kinda slow, make it quicker between shots
I just have mine quiet enough to where I can still hear it but I can also hear the game
I think the biggest strength of his ult is actually the ability to temporarily remove a guy from the map.
Watching the damage update in real time like that is hilarious!
I tested this with a friend, this is indeed the case.
Double Tap increases your reload speed on Iso, with or without the shield. 
I think  a lot of people put too much importance on Ranked so as soon as they queue up for it, it changes their mental.

Thats why for some people, if they make an alt account, they end up a higher rank than their main.  They are treating their alt games with a different mental, and its working for them.
I think a lot of the 5 stack q people delude themselves by saying they’re just having fun playing with friends, some of which being high elo. Always begs the question why y’all don’t just play unrated instead lol. Knew a girl with like a 0.7 KD 10% HS rate in asc/immo claiming to be that rank but she only plays 5 stack with high elo players lol
I bought an account well over a year ago out of curiosity. Looking at match history, it had obviously been botted. It is not currently banned.
Pretty much this! Raze and Jett feel overtuned simply because the other duelists can't compete as much. Hence, it forms this bias in people that the former two are broken when the others are just really underpowered or could use a few adjustments.

Though I argue that Yoru is in a good/great state. He just requires more coordination and timing.
Lmao the gaming things you're getting boosted
You were trying to use the specter like a vandal which does not work. The spray reset on the specter is significantly longer than that of a rifle and you’re probably better off ads’ing and trying to tap fire that way. Still a dumb fight though. No reason for you to open that door as you had a teammate on C. You didn’t clear B-main and this is your anti eco so making aggressive plays like that is a bad idea since you have better guns
Engravings, 

Give you no tactical advantage whatsoever.
1. She can place smokes faster than Omen, especially in long range. This will take some practice though
2. Omen has really long-distance smokes, but he's not global, forcing him to play towards mid if you want to smoke everything. Astra can lurk a bit better than Omen because of this.
3. Astra's ultimate is much more useful than Omen's, especially with the total sound block
4. Astra's star recalls are like mini-Jett smokes, and they are refreshable!
5. Astra's suck is a guaranteed layer of "off the defuse!" ability that doesn't require lineups
6. Her stun and suck are in general a tad underwhelming compared to Paranoia for sure

This means she's good on big maps and in coordinated settings. Think Breeze, Pearl, and Lotus. If Omen is more duelist-oriented, Astra is more pure-controller like Brimstone. She's not bad, she sees some picks in pro play, but if you're solo queueing I'd go with Omen because he's more self-sufficient.
heyyyy that’s not a bucky 🤨
The only buff kayo needs is that if the knife directly hits someone it’s an insta kill. I wanna do 360 trick shots.
Bro playing against Tree Roots 2
Damn, leave some pussy for us
It would be stupid if that's how they detected cheaters, headshot multikills happen all the time whether by luck or skill
iso is the worst unless he’s just a level above the server.

deadlock has use but she’s a bit of a weird mixup between sage and cypher, the gravnet and wall feel are a little bit like sage, the sound sensors feel more like a trip. also, gravnet just makes people not be able to move, if you’re a sentinel player thats not confident about their aim you might still prefer a trip+cage combo with cypher or a vulnerable+molly combo with kj.
Okay, hear me out: ***"This moment as one of the next BP sprays"*** 

It would be a good one, lmao
I always maintain a relaxed mindset calling people out for negative comments. Ill complain on mute because its me being salty but calling someone out directly just makes it worse. I get toxic to people who are blatantly rude and just not helpful.
A helpful tip he gave in one of his low elo coaching videos is to break the drills into smaller pieces too, not just make them easier. For example, for the overaim drills I started by just moving in the opposite direction of the bot as soon as it spawned. This made it instinctual to always move counter to the target without delay. Then I added the overaim, but didn't actually shoot the bot. Just move, overaim while moving, stop when your crosshair is on the bots heads, then reset to a neutral position when it disappears. (It's really important to never aim, then move. Make sure you always move first then overaim while in motion) By the time I actually started trying to hit the bots, it was super instinctual and the only issue was being precise and stopping and firing in time. 

Making the bots easier or still helps if your issue is speed alone, but if you find yourself struggling without knowing why, I would try this!
sometimes i feel like i have a lower chance of winning than the enemies do so i draw. usually when my team has had some super lucky moments or clutches or whatever
Did you play way back when the Bucky was meta?
Never ask a Valorant player why the clip ends on a 4k
Going into servers around France I mostly see KC and M8 classics so ye finding some of these will be hard depending on your server
I never understood these type of questions. Some people like his content. Some people don't. Thats usually how polarizing figures work. As for his content, some is good, some is kinda bad, but overall it feels somewhat genuine so i'll usually watch him over someone who plays an overly nice persona for clicks.
He’s there
Top tier cooking. Belongs in a museum
Half of Omen kit isn't beginner friendly the other is , he should be the perfectly balanced on the mid
this is why unrated exists
Man I wish… I remember when I was there and said “just one skin”. And here we are 😑
"smonk"
Does the spike spawn as normal in subsequent rounds?
He lacks a lot of stall compared to the other controllers and all his util spawns from his body meaning he cant really lurk. It can also be hard to smoke certain chokes on defence depending on where hes playing
Imagine this happened during VCT finals with team score 11:12
The balance changes are obviously perfect otherwise they wouldn't have been released.
My absolutely horrific idea is a gun that can be super accurate when running. It could be a blow dart for all I care, but it would be so funny and buff Neons everywhere
I'm a judge + Odin only player. I aim for a psychological victory.
he's hard stuck, he aint a radiant level player
This is a crazy amount of evidence if I was woohoojin I’d be sweating rn
The kill affect for the bundle better be breach and brim kissing
12,000 hours is a little over 9 hours a day every day since release. I’d say that’s probably too much, but who am I to judge
These types of people are one of the reasons why I still play valorant despite having toxic players 🤣
I mean, that inspect is fire.
He’s the only character who doesn’t die to a headshot with the vandal. He’s effectively a tank. You’ll both hit your shots, but you’ll die cause he had a glass shield.
Whatever the mouse feels like doing
Run and gun to immortal 🙏
At the end of the day we can count on Riot to always do one thing, nerf Chamber.
Low elo can be pretty wild. You come across people who are really inconsistent. They can absolutely dominate some games, then absolutely fluke others.
OP is spectating the sova
The only reason I played Swift was being able to play all of the maps. I HATE map pools. Good god must they ruin everything?
Astra. Her util is like another game.
“My duo just DC’d he’ll be back” 

Heard that once as an excuse for voting no. He game back 15-20 mins later and then DCd again. 

Your connection issues shouldn’t be the entire teams problem. I cannot stand that this is a vote at all.
Glad to see the Japanese crowd give FNC the praise and respect they deserved. It was very disappointing to see what happened in Brazil
true but i wouldnt have expected that either tbh.
I'm not an expert in accents, but the Clove's VA is literally Scottish. Why would they speak in American idea of Scottish accent instead of their normal Scottish accent?
This guy isn't even 20. That's devastating.
new patch, new bugs. how she goes boys.
Wait what? You mean I can’t spam “going c” on a map that only has 2 sites anymore?
as solo duelest he mid, but with a second duelist to support, he’s pretty good for those organized plays
But stains are mostly grease and similar, whereas your body might contain any kind of particles such as dirt or any kind of dust
Crosshair placement when not actively fighting (yet). Don't have to have better aim if you're already pointing at their head.
FNATIC the best team in the world easily, what an amazing event amd crowd!

Happy for PRX as well <3
Isn’t it a yoru tp lineup?
Kayos disabling powers maybe disable their immortality? I mean that would make since if their radianite power is immortality
You probably talk too much lol
Get a kill and dismiss through

It isnt consistent but still a good way to do so, hence why I call it "soft" counter
I love that you intentionally lined them up so you could inflict the most damage possible!!!
The difference is KJ and Cypher are pretty much guaranteed to use that 600 creds every single round while other agents have the ability to hold out through the round.
getting references like this literally makes my day every time i haven't gotten a reference like this for a little while i get sad
Callate translates to “be quiet” sometimes it comes off as “shut up” depending on how its used/said
"I feel terrible about myself, surely its this random woman on the internets fault"
I also main jett, and I wouldn't say she's underrated. Even after nerfs she's still one of the best agents.

I picked her randomly in my first game and since then found out she's cool. The agent design, abilities and she has a cool personality in lore.
It's such a loser mentality that I never condone it even if that person doesn't land a shot the whole match.
Take a week off. Go for a 30 minute walk instead of a game. Maybe play some minecraft. Learn how to flip a pancake. Hang out with that friend who's been bugging you the whole week. You'll only come back better and actually want to play, not just going through the motions.
Isn't it cheaper and more fun to let the players test these new maps? You guys will find anything to complain about
Maybe OP forgot to due to their age 😂
And **this** is why I don't buy Phantom/Vandal after winning pistol. Waaaaaay too risky
His walls would be 100 times more useful if he had full control over the angle before sending it out
I think that’s a bit of a leap considering in my time working in a kitchen I never used wind powers to throw knives into people’s heads. It’s also a leap because that information still isn’t necessary for the actual game
Yeah I’m peak Asc 2 and half the time I play unrated with friends the enemy will find my tracker and proceed to be toxic asf especially if I’m not doing great. It doesn’t bother me but it’s very strange
Bro is him wtf
This gotta be silver
I thought if you queue as a 5 stack you only match with other 5 stacks? Or did you mean something else
Could be a variety of reasons, they want the ult orb, want to plant in a specific spot, don't trust you with the spike, etc.
its the top 500 players in the region how would it not be serious lol
Yikes, that wall size is major overkill. If anything, this is just going to interfere with you and your own team. You really have to be careful with where you place it and how.

Picking up her sensors is a no brainer, glad they're implementing that. Will have to see the faster activation more in person to judge, but sounds good.
All this Iso and Neon complaining has taught me is that people are completely allergic to using util against other util


They take every fight dry and wonder why they're hardstuck
Whose SK Callas?
even just in the unranked gamemodes, i wanna play for fun not get only breeze and fucking sunset
TLDR is that they made the assumption that you're high up in diamond.

Using the percentiles OP shared we take the percentages of players in all ranks below diamond and treat them as decimals. Add them together and you get:

5.1 (iron) + 15.6 (bronze) + 22.1 (silver)+ 21.2 (gold)  + 16.9 (platinum) = 80.9% 

Diamond players are above this percentage of the playerbase, putting them in the 81st percentile of Valorant players. Diamond itself is home to 11.6% of its players, so if you were, say, Diamond 3 with 99/100 RR, you would be above 80.9 + 11.5 = 92.4% of the playerbase (took off 0.1 because you arent ascendant yet).

I believe this is why many find diamond so hard to climb out of. Theres a huge difference between being top 20% and top 8% in a competitive online game.
I’m jealous, I got the mystbloom bundle and it is gonna take me the whole battlepass to be able to get enough radianite to fully upgrade all the stuff and unlock the colours
Understandable but it’s entirely up to the family to disclose this if they wish.
That's how clutches happen, you play off of enemy's mistakes. Idk what everyone is expecting
my guess is that the death trap card is agent 8 who is somehow put into a stasis by deadlock's annihilation based on her leaked abilities
2 feet behind me, that way i feel like im IN the game
1. get a good pc/laptop that gives you good FPS
2. use A and D more than W when pushing and clearing sites/corners
3. crouch spray is a pandemic for low elos. pros do it all the time because they know how to control spray/transfer spray and what to do next. We are not pros. 
4. practice moving left and right and shooting in between. getting good at this alone will get you out of low elo fast. 
5. aim first and util 2nd. even if you are a master grenadier/ can double satchel like pros, if you can't aim then it all doesn't matter. Getting the basics down before advanced stuff is very important. 

I am not sure what you need exactly so I summarized some stuff real quick. Hope this helps..
That's a nice way to put it haha thanks
Insane shots, well done!
no comm teams are the worst
1. An agent that has a flash that will last 5 seconds long, the flash will be an epilepsy attack of red, green, blue and yellow might that flick very fast. With the addition of this agent I hope they epilepsy warning is removed to celebrate the new addition to the agent pool. 


2. A map where that have 4 rotating weathers between rounds. :
Floods : part of the map will be inaccessible for Phoenix, I promise it's not bc he is black but bc he is a literal fire. 
Thunderstorm : agent that doesn't have the blastx skin will be struck by lightning. 
RadiantStorm : sometime abilities will be cast randomly even ultimates without player input. 
Snowstorm: outside are of the map with be block by snow and agent need to buy the new weapon shovel and start cleaning out their roads.
who knows, but i imagine the new data shows that literally nobody ever goes here anymore lmao
Gekko+Deadlock imagine a 2v2 detain a player use the deadlock ult for the other easy round
google valorant knife
>If you headshot two people standing infront of each other you get 2 kills

Sometimes you only get 1 kill and like -120 on the other person
You saved the chamber. W
HEREWEGOHEREWEGOHEREWEGO
I've never heard of any gender restrictions in any esport.
The average skill level in this game is insane.
You don’t even need to win in ascendant. If you rank up and hit ascendant once and immediately derank, you still get the gun buddy.
Must be cold since it slows
I am bronze and yes, people may play their role, but then only for themselves. Smoking for themselves, revealing for themselves, flashing for themselves, ... Only when you play with friends do you sometimes play a bit together.
Tbh, the best change that wouldn't make her broken, but would definitely make her so much better: star recall CD reduced

This would allow her to make selfish plays in solo queue. It would make her star inventory go much further. It wouldn't make any of her CC util any more powerful. It's not a 5th star. It doesn't change her smokes at all

I genuinely think this is all she needs to be viable again
thats only for balance. lore accurate yoru probably got teleport beacons set up like the 4th hokage
The streams are not "now in vertical", it's just an additional stream. On YouTube you can choose between the two.
The worst is when you're popping off hard and they draw. Had a 45 kill game and thru surrendered 2nd OT. I having a ton of fun too lol. I still got +9 rr which I didn't know was possible
if you only want your aim to get better? iso. his shield ability allows you to take an extra second to be calm and make sure you’re lining up your shot. then you can practice doing it faster
let's cross our finger he got it
u can mostly use viper lineups for brim, but the bounce can throw it off sometimes, so be aware of that. i think kayo knife has same trajectory, not sure about anything else
Shout at the mic more often.
I didn’t just download the game im just ass
“Today we’re going one Immortal Sova vs 11 Bronze Omens with unlimited abilities except Sova can only use shock dart.”
Most confusing and interesting rank I have been in so far. Was stuck there for like 2-3 acts. Friend boosted me to B3. Solo queue'd to gold. Still miss those iron lobby days tho. Met some of the most toxic as well as nicest people there.
reyna obviously is the best agent for ranking up if you have good mechanics. 

omen if you want to play a controller. 

&#x200B;

realistically you can go from iron to radiant using any agent. whichever agent you play the best.
People just suck and have the weakest mentals on earth. It doesn't matter if you're down on a half that statistically favors the other team on that map, they're just some weak mfers.
52 year old player here. I only play unrated and with my buddies and I suck but I'm not toxic. I did get MVP for my squad the other day which is a great highlight for me.
Crosshair placement is the main thing, not so much aim.
5 more units of range on Brim smoke placement, perfect.


The only balance change anyone needed. 💀



Deadlock, Iso, Harbor, Astra and Sage who?
microtransactions are now becoming macrotransactions
That's it. I got it in the Night Market and fell in love.
Nope. Use utility to break his trips. Easy peasy
Been playing Deadlock a lot recently and the ult is so fun when it lands and so devastating when it doesn't lol. Still love it though because Deadlock sounds badass and that triggers happy chemicals in my gay brain
Well look at it this way. Usually those accounts have gotten to where they are doing what they do. So realistically they aren’t out of place. If anything usually ppl who do this are smurfs and hence they are actually better players with a handicap, but they are likely to be doing good in the games overall.

It does suck tho seeing as u can see the win slip out of ur hands. Or u just have to work way harder for that win cus they “can” just buy a gun.

Idk, don’t think there’s a great solution. I rly don’t like it, but I can’t hate to much on those who do it properly with the 3 points I mentioned. Informing ppl in agent select at least leaves them with a choice. One I didn’t have the last game I lost cus of the cypher.
I think he was put there as a mole so he got time to become accustomed to the other scientists
i just unlocked harbor so i don't really know HAHA

but the few videos i've watched generally only give suggestions for good walls on ATTACKER side

for DEFENDER side, there aren't really many except maybe to take mid control

i felt just walling off the short segment of B main would be a waste since the wall is so long, so i've been doing this wavy curvy wall to mix things up. hopefully catch the enemy off guard having to check all the hidden angles on either side

looks like it worked out this time lol

i do it on e.g. Breeze A main too
omen smoke, brim smoke, harbor wall, astra wall

obviously it’s awful but it would be fun
Got clapped by a neon?
Harbor has always been underrated tbh
Hooj says it himself. He's a radiant controller. Not a radiant raze. 

He's stuck because he's still learning how to play raze properly. He cares less about his rank and elo than he does about making sure he's doing things the right way. He knows that if he loses games now but develops the proper habits and mindset of a raze player, he'll gain the RR back later. 

If he were to spam controller he would likely be radiant. 

Stop looking for excuses as to why you are stuck and figure out what you are lacking.
not at first sight

you have to make sure your team has taken enough space that wingman getting shot is not as likely or detrimental.\
if on ascent you walk up A main and send wingman in asap, wingman gets shot while planting and now you got three mfs on site keeping you from retrieving spike, well shit now you’re committed to this site you didn’t need to be.

and that’s an extreme but in theory, you send wingman in when you’re more than comfortable to plant it yourself. sending wingman instead is obviously better because you’re able to defend the site you’re attacking and can takeover if he does end up getting shot.

i mainly play PC but if i’m playing with a gekko that doesn’t plant for any post plant holds or has shit timing, i’m taking the spike to increase my chances of winning
your assumption is right, if you have any kind of bad game, or are rude to someone while doing a weapon challenge you will most definitely get flamed or muted by your team for throwing, which you kind of would be throwing if your intent is comp to begin with
Brilliant
Yes but it works like reyna orb.  She can only do it after activating her C orb/ability once she gets a kill.  She then gains a dark smoke that she can place after she dies.  So it encourages some aggro controller play as she can in theory smoke for the team, entry and get traded but still have one more smoke after death if she got the kill.  Not to mention her self revive timer ability.  Pretty cool concept.  One of the most interesting agents in a long time.
You know its HK/SG servers when the only comm is "WTF"
I don't like taking long ranged fights for 20+ rounds.
Beta Jett was being compared to raze who had 2 nades and 2 75 damage satchels which on paper sounds a whole lot stronger.
I'd half buy and try a stupid play, maybe it works. and if it doesn't you still have a full buy for the last round
Exactly this, riot needs to ban cypher from entering the B site. like it just doesn’t let you go there if you’re cypher like the invisible wall in the ocean in GTA
That was a wild scenario , nice use of elevation that was an amazing save by you
For me, I started as a player/IGL with a team of friends (in R6 siege as I’m sure you can guess by my username). In my IGL days I then took an interest in coaching. From there, I felt I wanted some numbers to assist my coaching which is where I fell in love with numbers and data while being able to utilise my extensive strategic knowledge within the game. 

From there, I reached out to some T3 teams to gain better experience. Due to me having experience playing the game and very good technical skills, I went from T3 straight up to T1 for an NA team. 
If you’re looking for advice: 
Learn the game above all else. You don’t need to be mechanically gifted to be a good analyst. 
Also learn the best practices, software etc that are used in your esport. I have some info on how pro analysts work in Valorant if it would be useful. 

Bonus fun fact: (you can choose not to believe it if you wish but it is true) before I was picked up by my first professional team, it was between me and 1 other analyst. That analyst was Drewspark, now the strategic coach of Sentinels. 
There was a brief time we were competing against each other in R6 before he moved to Valorant. Mad respect to him o>
All

Jk reyna works somewhat on breeze
Yeah, the guy that posted it on Twitter was very apologetic for not crediting me. He later did the right thing.
Dizzy sacrificed himself for you mf
Man, point number two is done so often even higher up in Elo. The fact that you haven't seen it heard anything on your side of the map for the first 10s of the round doesn't mean you can run into attacker spawn with your knife out
As someone with a higher rank, this is definitely luck lol. The little ADS he did shows he was probably panicking in the moment.

Go on the range and flick on a target that is initially out of view. Even if you know where they are it's still incredibly difficult to pull off in the same speed and in one swipe.
yeah in valorant there is such little player velocity that a minor ping difference would probably account for the few extra ms of accuracy gained from properly counter strafing vs someone who isn't.
i go by queue times, and in valorant they are pretty good to me so, thats nice.
I might be wrong but the first I saw a deadzoning video was Woohojin.
I like playing smokes but it’s the role where your mistakes are punished the hardest (missing a single smoke is a throw) while your contribution is hard to feel (since smokes are expected). Smoke characters also lack playmaking utility in general. There’s a reason it’s the least popular role.
I’m no expert but I’m pretty sure your suppose to suddenly stop your clip before you die and display a message that says the contrary.
I tell them “This isn’t Overwatch. We don’t need a healer.”
Bro didnt really say there are no decent battle pass cards / buddies
Tbh I'd be down for Sova recon and knife to legit just one tap 150 would be very funny as I've stuck people with them before.
The pull out animation and reloads on both are among the best
deadlock is ass and double initiator or controller is usually better than double sentinel. and when you do have 2 sentinels youd want them on opposite sites. but yea she sucks
Neon can be kind of an NPC - "Remember, bullets hurt"

Also, loads of lines involving KayO are just about him being a robot, as if we needed to be reminded. Same kinda thing that irked me with Data from Star Trek TNG.
“me no speako minimum wageo”
He smurfs a shit ton
First time I saw someone playing Omen I thought "damn he looks cool af" and that's how it began. 500+ hours later I stay play him regularly.
That one suspicious level 10 account in unrated that doesn't know proper movement but still aces only headshots and sometimes randomly afks
I always go for a Sheriff unless I have to full save. Sheriff can quickly swing eco rounds if they’re within range. I’ve won and lost so many eco rounds cause of the Sheriff.
13 seconds in and jet is already pushing t spawn? Deffo sus
Talk with the team and find a dedicated role. This is a great opportunity to learn from people better than you so listen and work to elevate them where you can. Bottom frag doesn’t have to mean you’re a low impact player.
People in higher elo lobbies play pistols differently, they're much more willing to strafe tap than commit to a spray. If the opponent is the same way, they'll commit to the spray like Iso does here and be a stationary target.
In no world is a true iron player beating gold. This has to be satire. 

It won’t even be close either.
This is good advice but I don’t think ps5 users can do this
Viper.

3v1 in the Vape Lounge is the most intense and fun moment in the game IMO.
Riot is worth billions and yet a replay system “ required a lot more software development “ lmao
But theres no map in the game called mud
Well the fact you started in iron must mean you weren't great to begin with so getting to gold was a massive jump...try picking duelists and build your confidence maybe val has alot to do with confidence and good mental ....I started silver 2 taught plat would be my peak as I didn't believe diamond was possible for me but I hit it.....just keep playing
I would say it like this. CS:GO high solo skill ceiling val has the higher team play skill ceiling.
i mean you pull out knifes every time you run anywhere & a lot of the animations are very satisfying. honestly i think a good knife skin is absolutely worth it, as long as you find the pull out animation or inspect pleasing. just don't buy multiple
Neon because it always feels like they rush in immediately when I'm not expecting it and headshot me.
Huh he’s a one funny omen.
The problem the game still valorizes a lot more kills because its easier to calculate , is hard to judge how much a smoke or a wall impacts even thought in some rounds they are more valueable than 3 or more kills
Probably not entrying with the team, but rather lurking for meaningless kills and then staying alone/losing the round. Pushing with men advantage in a post-plant. 
Pushing on fullbuy vs eco as a defender, all the basics most likely
ye the gameplay and team comp from the enemy doesnt look like diamond lmao
You nees to view valorant as what it is , a video game you play foe fun. Dont stress yourself and just play what you want to. If you suck at senti but love playing? Learn senti. Watch pros play your favorite agents. Learn about map control and how to hold a site. 

BUT you are still bronze so i would advise focus on your mechanics first and foremost. If you have decent mechanics you can top frag even without abilities in low elo.

Once you get to plat-diamond you can start getting more agent oriented as i mentioned previously.
I'm curious though, if you play unrated with friends, don't these people despise it? We played some until my friends hit 20, they were insanely miserable, either actual sub 20 accounts where it's LITERALLY enjoyable for no1 or smurfs who just shit on them, never fair matches for them to learn on right?

I could take a more coaching route I guess but then we'd have an issue with the right amount of people for ranked and I'm not even sure if a single person would enjoy it.
I dont agree. But agree.. any ASC 1 can peek immo 1 20rr but that person aint hitting Immo 3 200rr that week
-2000 aura
Crackpot theory: Chamber does this to prevent Kayo's timeline from happening. We know that in Kayo's timeline years into the future, there is a war against Radiants, with many of Valorant's agents serving as leaders for both sides. I'm not entirely sure what the cause of the war is, but I'm pretty sure that Kingdom has been harassing Radiant communities. It's not hard to put two and two together and deduce that the war may have started because Kingdom pushed too far (something the Fracture lab would have helped with), prompting Radiants to fight back.

In this timeline, however, the would-be leaders of the war are working together as allies, and one of their objectives is investigating Kingdom. By creating friendships among the opposite sides while bringing what would have caused the war to light, he could hopefully prevent a war so devastating that the survivors leave the timeline.
Yeah this is ranked solo queue we're talking about
plastic gameplay
The reason viper/cypher have bigger subreddits than duelists is because those agents have a lot of lineups/setups, which incentivizes people to seek out and share information.
I understand that he’s rested on and built a following based on these claims and that is fraudulent. I’ve only been playing Valorant for like a few months and was recommended his videos to learn. Isn’t there enough proof that his coaching is still very good? The concept that a coach needs to be as good as the players he coaches is not a necessity when they understand the game at level that only top percenters do. Don’t get me wrong it’s cringe a f and this feels to be karma with how his recent content has been in terms of cockiness. With that being said, sometimes everyone needs to be humbled.
Just reminiscing about the all the times I was an Omen main and got blamed for things out of my control. 

Oh yeah, Jett players. They’ve hurt me.
It's your queue to dodge
Every time I play ranked for an hour or two I will get a Breeze without fail. 7 damn maps in rotation and I will always get my least favourite every time I play.
Damn BOI
Deadlock is not a good sentinel specifically and not a very good character in general. 

Pick Sova, pick Raze, or be patient and stop running into the trips. Cypher being good because he challenges the most direct and most popular mode of gameplay (never not pressing W) does not make him OP. It just means you need to play differently.
I don't like the price but the skins are fire.
And casually walking towards them like he hasn't concussed his teammates too lol
It matters. Skill and Experience are not the same thing. What OP is referring to lack of experience due to such wide range of agents abilities and maps and doesn’t know what to do. (I’m assuming the iron with lvl 400 has played a lot)
I think the glitchpop is also too distracting lol I don’t like it that much either
Sexism. Losing because I cannot give any comms because of that.
Dont know what rank ur in but it just doesnt get better. Every one in that game has their own circumstances. The last 2 games where there was a woman in my games, some one was sexist to them within the first 5mins and they never talked again. Some people may be on a loosing streak, not realising no comming doesnt help, and be toxic all the way. 

What i wanted to say is just no matter the rank, time or server there will always be people who have decided they dont want to win ur ranked game. But remember, the enemy team could have the same issue.
This guy's movement looked like something you'd see in Asc+, what a surprize to see that he was playing in gold, then he shared his tracker.

My boy is hard smurfing [https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/IM%20SO%20SILLY%23WILLY](https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/IM%20SO%20SILLY%23WILLY)

977 average Tracker score tells a lot. Dropping 30 bombs everyother games with consistent 2+ KD and frequent 1000 tracker scores.
I q for dm the timer goes down and I'm hard stuck in the game. cant alt f4, cant do anything. im stuck in the timer going down forever. how did they fuck up this bad
yeah but as a mid bronze player that shit is genius lol. you can't always assume enemies are godtier, at least if you're still in bronze. silver+ and it'll be a bit different, but it's fine here
Probably high bronze. Kept giving you 1v1s. Prolonged 1v1s even after the spike is planted. Enemies also pushing you when they dont have to.
what watching vct once does to a mf
and then they'll sell said bundle for $500
Showers and deodorant were a meme even back when I hosted melee events in 2007. I'm not saying that for the FGC as a whole. We also have the basement dwellers, if not more of them due the nature of labbing things out and analyzing frame data. Just that a lot of the big personalities are actually used to interacting with people, thus probably come off as more natural and iteract more with chat or keep it otherwise entertaining outside of just cracked gameplay.
Imagine wasting that much of your life deranking an account from Radiant/immo to Iron 3... like that's a lot of effort.
U are so right bro, idk how to tell My parents bro they see me as perfect and Think im studying 24/7 Instead of gaming also My younger siblings bro they see me as Their role model. Idk man is so bad
Keep it short, "Sova on cat", "jett dinked mid", "raze has ult B", etc.  

As you rank up you'll want to call util uses too, jett no dash, raze no satchel, omen flash down, etc.  

If you notice someone is weak, low on util, alone on site, call for a rotate, if you know someone is always pushing aggressively, call to pick that player.  

If you're in the lower ranks just keep it simple, location and health is fine.  As you rank up and the game slows down you can add more, but if you're under dia/asc just locations and health is fine.
you literally saw the fade dog bite him?
I’m in bronze/iron and I mostly play unrated as well and never actually had this issue. I can’t imagine it being 75% of OP’s games. I also have Championship Vandal. People ask sometimes, but it’s never been an issue
We are getting out of Plat with this one 🔥🔥🔥 >!Hello iron2!<
If the post on X is correct and it shoots 119 in the legs alone I highly doubt it’ll shoot two bullets at once
Dunno why but "Omar" sent me.


"We have Omen at home"
How are people coming with these ideas lol .
A lot of people spray without knowing how loud that shit is. I get free info 5 seconds earlier on where they gonna hit
But you’d hate someone doing this in your team right?
It used to be wonderful, it’s still great rn but back then it was amazing.
Bro thinks the devs will suck his balls and give him a gun buddy if he licks enough boots
Are these figures correct?

Seems stupid if this went live.
Or hear me out...use the 2 rubber bands that you used in cs 1.6 cause why tf else would someone be used to this....
Do all the deaths give you ult points?
Take out your marker and draw it
Patch is 8.10


8.11 comes out after masters shanghai
I mean, I am still up for a Xenohunter animation knife tbh…
Agent 8 is going to be the next seraphine from league type shi, hyped and teased for a long time and riot will invest a lot of marketing on them just for the agent to flop/disappoint and wont meet their expectations
I’m in Bronze, so every agent on the enemy team is S Tier and every agent on my team is F Tier
Yeah they’re always wholesome and kind
You can jump there all by yourself without need for teammates btw
Wait people throw when they have a "smurf" on their team? I have not experienced a team throw because we think an instalock is a smurf, like we knowingly think the person is smurfing, but we're not trying to throw the game. Sometimes I pretend that Riot knows when someone is smurfing, so they just give you a smurf after getting stomped by 1 or 2 of them in a previous comp match lol
There is no system in the game that allows to gift skins. All of these are a scam.
I think everyone is a fan of a pretty good working anticheat and the resulting (low) amount of cheaters.

It’s a shame that it has to be such an aggressive, intrusive solution like Vanguard, but Riot definitely did the right thing by creating it. Basically any other game shows perfectly how traditional anticheats aren’t working out anymore.

Nobody should take the „controversy“ too serious, a lot of cheaters and especially cheat sellers just try to make a way bigger deal out of it than it really is.
On Ascent, we were 2 - 10. We won 13 - 10.

Funny memorable moment; enemy and I were 1v1 while our team fought each other elsewhere. We whiffed all of our shots. We stood there staring at each other and then walked away. In all chat we agreed we dont talk about it LOL
He just put out a post on discord saying he’s realized that he’s coping and being way too toxic, and that he’s gonna reset and continue ranked from Sunday with exactly 4 matches a day
Fact
>I always thought that the higher you are on the scoreboard the higher rr you get 

Not really true. 

You can gain significant RR and bonus RR as bottom frag.  Even more so than the top frag in certain cases.  

Its hard to calculate exactly, but here is basically what you need to know:

First, winning.  Obviously.  

Second, how many rounds you win by.  Winning 13-5 is gonna get you more RR than winning 13-11.  Overtime is bad for RR.  It doesn't matter if it went into quadruple overtime, the longer it goes on the worse it is for your RR.  Some people get confused by this and think they deserve more for OT for some reason.  

Third, MMR.  Winning against a team with a higher MMR than your team will net you more RR.  

Fourth, performance.  This doesn't mean kills or ACS.  It means winning your encounters.  And it also matters what kind of encounters.  So killing their bot frag who is getting carried over and over isn't worth as much as killing their carry over and over.  It also means what kind of kills.  Are you getting first or second bloods?  Or are you cleaning up the 4th or 5th kill?  Not all kills are equal.  So stop looking at the scoreboard like the numbers matter. 

Fifth.  Kind of unknown.  But  I assume utility usage like scanning an enemy and getting assists from that, or putting down a smoke that an enemy runs through.  Healing teammates when they are damaged.  Stuff like that.  Not entirely sure how much it contributes, but I am sure it contributes a little.  

And everything  I just mentioned isn't black and white.  Its a lot more complicated than "We won 13-5, so I should get more RR than my 13-11 win".  Its a combination of everything.  

There is zero chance you will ever be able to figure out how to calculate your RR gains unless a Riot employee shares the algorithm with you. 

But anytime I see someone post on this sub "How come I got X RR when my friend got Y RR?".  I can always find some reason for it.  

You don't need match MVP ever to gain a good amount of RR or a performance bonus.
i hope this isnt rude, but this just looks like a earlier test build of sunset
They won't even make a replay system. They're definitely not going to try to make bot ai.
I am going to get so much hate for this, but the ares. I don't know why but it makes me feel comfortable and i have gotten many a four piece with it, so it's a go to on "eco" rounds(even though it's pricey). I know it's a shit gun, but I like it :)
That one dualist that actually entries won’t be happy about this stat
That’s just jett knives
jammedyam2
I always thought that was supossed to be the drag of the water, but maybe you are right
That was because I had to prove to people I wasn’t lying when I said I emptied the clip but the game didn’t register it when the Cypher bug was out (amongst other reasons lol)
Sage agree is a radiant, Omen is potentially an aritifical radiant(created from radiant energy). 
Fade is a Radiant, gekko i feel like is just a dude that bonded with radiant powered animals.
Raze and KJ breakup confirmed
We default, she doesnt fast flank, but when we go fast she fast flank. 


Im no immortal, but isn't she just w'ing for the other side of the map when you guys send it fast? Like oh they hitting in the first 5 sec of the round i ho fast flank, oh they haven't hit yet, and there is util all over the map? I dont send it.



I do play sometimes with people that gets cleared out and complain, but most of the time that guy has nothing else to do, so ye he hard cleared you.



Id played lots of fps, valo is BY FAR the best one in terms of anti cheat.  There is still cheater, but not enough to make you think twice about them, or not enough to use it as an excuse.
The headhunter is basically a pocket guardian. You can buy 1 bullet if you're on a eco and hope you get a kill or you can buy the bullets if you're already up on money and save it for when you get to eco or if you run out of bullets (The equip time is relatively fast).

The ult is situational. You can save it for ecos but you could also take the aggressive route and buy it on buy rounds.
Reaver Vandal.

Because Reaver Vandal .

(And I told myself it would be the only skin.. yet here I am, spended over 350€ for skins, hating my life, being bad at the game, but with fancy pew pew!)
your sheriff shots are just 🥵
I mean chamber just buys the guards....  or the prison to be honest
theres 2 american agents already as well (im almost tempted to say 3 because kayo is based off brims friend unless im remembering wrong)
Sorry but this is an insanely funny reason to hate TenZ 💀💀💀
While that’s the guy that uploaded it, the creator is Raessyh Art ([Raessyhral on Twitter](https://twitter.com/raessyhral/status/1663660715352416256)), not LevelUpLifting. LevelUpLifting commissioned the animation from the animator to add to the beginning of their [Valorant vid](https://youtu.be/7MhS6j6GYUI).
It's not even smurfs when Riot on rank resets sends more and more people there.  
Just this reset I've been playing against ex plat and diamonds in silvers, so I lost and now I'm bronze. This is worse than even CS ranks.
Jett Knives only hit the first target so you can't get collateral kills unfortunately. Would be sick to ace with just one knife (if that one in a million chance ever happens).
First time watching the clip, Chamber spawned into existence
Whiffing fragger is possible but if you find a way to instalock filler, you might win a Nobel Peace Prize
Shooting that yoru clone was 🤌
If one had perfect mechanics they would win every single gunfight because they can swing and not lose. No need for any game sense at that point
I left the game for a cool minute, came back to play a few games as I had the itch.

6 games in a row... there was a leaver on either my team, their team, and in one game both teams.

It's not even fun at that point. 

I played 2 comp games over a month ago and had a leaver in one. 

8 games I played in the past 2 months or so, and 7 had a leaver. It doesn't make me want to play the game whatsoever.

why would I even want to commit to this game if comp is going to be a waste of my time.
i work in a supermarket and i keep thinking about where i could send my yoru tp
Tbh was hoping you’d spray a lane and they’d all just walk into it
Stop caring about rank and just play for fun.
Also his teleport gives like a 3 weeks notice of where he’s gonna show up.
It sucks because my muscle memory is already hardwired to the old menu, it’s gonna take a long time to get used to the new one.
I'm sure every server has it's share of toxic players.

It can't be as bad as NA though. If so, we gotta step our game up.
The thing is that the level playing field for tactical FPS is getting mature.

Bronze or low elo being filled with people that can barely hold a mouse is over in tactical fps, most of the crowd have hundreds of hours.

Being bottom 20% in a crowd where everyone invested 100s to 1000s of hours in the game makes you better than 95% of the general population but you are competing with people that are just as invested in the game as you are.

Many people tend to forget this: **to gain elo someone else has to lose it**, you need to take someone else's spot in the ladder by proving that you are better,

The older a game (valorant is basically CS gunfights so it's quite old in that sense), the stronger the bottom 20% will be, being weaker than very strong players doesn't make you weak, it just means you are weaker than them. 

Unfortunately valorant isn't getting younger and most players are still trying to improve, this brings to the conclusion that top 20% is only going to get stronger and stronger as the entire pool of player is getting better and better.
I didn't know that, thanks! Seems odd not to just have them all unlocked but whatever I guess.
Looks like you had all the util for the next 3 matches dumped onto you all at once
As someone who didn't like it, it has been gone a long time tbh
They should Add six thousand more voice lines. Correct
Omen got traumatized
https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/valorant/images/e/e1/Digihex_Card_Large.png/revision/latest?cb=20230711192914

Hes right
Well I think that’s the intention. They didn’t nerf the LMGs because they want those to be the go-to options if people want something to spam with. These weapons already have their downsides, so I don’t think it will be much of an issue.
KAY/O origin story
How many hours do you have in Valorant bro
^ cheating ban is no warning instant ban and big red screen
She played because she can heal and res on ult. No other reason lol
Reyna. The enemy reyna is gonna drop 30+ kills. Your Reyna is gonna bait and blame you while bottom fragging.
too op nerf chamber
“Oooh, my back hurts. Everyone’s so heavy!” –Jett 

Such a savage and it 100% boosts my ego more especially during the ~~rare~~ occasions I carry the team
Gaia’s Vengeance axe, Reaver dagger, and Oni katana/claw are now canon
Bro it's not jai shree ram. His tattoo mentions "Om Sai Ram" written underneath a trishool.
And he's Argentine. The reason of the tattoo is speculated to be his affinity, respect and appreciation for Hinduism. 😁
The map was always go A, if it fails, go B. One year later it's the same shit.
It’s going to be flanking hell 😭 there’s so many different places they can come from
Walking ult orb is always funny
I mean you don’t notice the games you get a better team so of course it seems like it’s rigged. People randomly go on a winning streak and think “Oh wow I’m playing really well I must deserve a higher rank”. They go on a losing streak and it’s “wow riot giving me actual human excrement on my team, must be rigged”.

Your winrate is not dependant on your teammates. If you deserve to be higher, play and you will get higher. If you don’t, you will probably yo-yo up and down as you get lucky/unlucky with your teams. Losers Q is such a pathetic myth
Where the fuck do you get these details? I need to learn the lore more.
That phoenix comment is uhhh
thanks! that sucks though, valorant is kinda squeezing everything they can out of it, huh? at least it's a free game.
Bro is flick shotting on a controller damn
Ye I was lucky on cypher ty !😊
0.22 on 1600 DPI has been my sweet spot. Asc 2 currently.
I have almost 4K hours in csgo and now only play valorant (haven’t played in a bit but used to) and when I was playing there were way less cheaters in valo then cs. If you’re looking for an agent to play coming straight from cs with 0 valo knowledge I always recommend Kay-O. He’s pretty basic and has flashes that have the same physics as CS and also can “suppress” enemy agents so you don’t get  random abilities that you don’t know thrown at you.
Unrated mmr has nothing to do with Ranked mmr. The system works other and your mmr is not shared. So it happens very often that you play against/with way better/worse people.
Why is Iron Man in the avengers
 I'm all about that classic Dust2, baby!
To be honest, remakes should just be an automatic thing. Not even a voting at all. Game should know having a round 1 afk will snowball in going 3-0. 

Valorant has so many weird competitive stuff. Like lossing 25 RR in a game with 4 AFKs, not been able to ban maps/agents, very basic stuff.
The issue is that his shield was already really good, and everything else was lacking luster they made the shield op, so now you don't even need anything else.

He also removes a lot of variables, especially because unless you're smurfing, it is very difficult to consistently outplay an iso the same rank as you.

Even Pros are complaining, and they're some of the best in the entire world on this game.

If pros can't consistently beat an iso in their own rank, even if as pros they're technically a higher rank,

 I don't see how you can expect a gold player to have a consistently good chance against isos their rank.
what??? lmao, i’m assuming it’s a joke but the entire point of gaming is to have fun with it and enjoy it. some people enjoy grinding for leaderboards, others like laying back and enjoying a game and some like story

if you did neither of those and let it consume your life you probably just got addicted lol
To balance not having a potential total of 4 smokes (Being Astra, and Omen. Viper and Harbour would be better as secondary smokes if needed)throughout the round. Only he can *instantly* use 3 smokes at once/at a time, or save his third for later on. 

His smokes also last longest(18-20?? Seconds), largest next to Vipers I think, and you can’t see anything inside the smoke at all unlike the rest.(Excluding Viper, she has one “orb” smoke, and the “thickness” of it is needed for her toxin, and a lil extra strength)
I hate the fact that half the agent pool is useless on this map
Here's their official statement: https://playvalorant.com/en-us/news/game-updates/valorant-map-pool-changes/




Tl;dr: It's not just pro play. If you're new or bad at a map, they want to make sure you can get your reps of the map in at a shorter amount of time vs having all maps in. Why come up with plays for specific maps when the chances of getting said map is really low.
I tend to play between 10-12 PM and the environment is just so friendly to the point where even when I can play in the morning/afternoon since I don’t have work I just tend to do other things and play between those hours since I really don’t feel like tilting and just ruining my experience.
r/iusedtrackergg
Clean ace but wtf is the enemy team doing lmao
The playstyle is too passive for a lot of people I think, plus your death is more punishing. That also didn’t take into account that there’s too many things to learn like types of smokes and lineups.

But I feel like once people strike the balance they’ll find the role actually fun to play.
She's the entire bakery
when i heard reynas laugh i got horny.
LET'S GOOOOO!!!!!
Hmm....why does this sound familiar?
Gg hard
I bet you hate going against yoru
They look like few ranks bellow yours
Can't speak for NA but if you're on EU as soon as you hear a fr\*nch person mute them immediately! It's not worth losing your hearing
Useless individual!
Placebo
Depends on what kind of agent i wanna make

Like

If I want the perfect initiator, I'm thinking

Sova recon, breach/Kayo flash, kayo ult, and for the C ability, I'm torn between the fade Prowler and sova drone


For duelist, I'm thinking

yoru flash, Jett dash, Jett smoke, pheonix ult

For sentinel

Chamber TP, kj lockdown, cypher trip, sage slow/deadlock Q 

I think the sentinel would be mad oppresive since they have insane stalling as well as chamber tp

For smokes, I'd want omen with brim ult probably, like the other comment said(omen does everything)

Else I'd want omen smokes, brim molly, Astra pull, and viper ult.
What did i just watch
im in bronze 3, and played ranked yesterday. my iron 1 gekko went 40/20. :/ he had the most insane op flicks too, like literally but kept saying he wasn't a smurf, but was using the red logo spray. like fr. 

game went on to be a draw because he'd just afk some rounds or do something quirky like only use a judge for most rounds
"Are you sure it's A?"

Me at A:
Fun part is that the bot spawns aren’t actually random, they follow a set pattern depending on how many times you’ve hit “start” but it still reads random.

Go into the range and start the skills test, difficulty doesn’t matter. The pattern for the first time starts at 4 to the left mid-way to far out, 1 to the right, 1 left, 2 right, 2 left, 1 right, 5 left, etc
Yeah totally agree, flaming teammates NEVER makes them play better but cheering them on and encouraging them usually helps the team mental!

I've had loads of matches where the enemy team was better and we had teammates struggling but we brought it back purely because the team vibes were immaculate and we were encouraging the ones having a tough game 100%
it happened to me today, i floated over my vandal and when I shot at phoenix I had my classic equipped
Dota2 is surprisingly good at managing behavior. It’s not perfect but they have a behavior score system and matchmaking based, at least partially, on trying to put people with similar scores together. There’s also a low priority queue where all the super toxic people live.
The only thing I can say is, you need to understand that valorant is in the end just a game and a means to have some fun. Its better to just take a little break to up your mood in those cases.
I would argue that being able to dissuade a whole team to not hit a bomb site simply by being there is a strong demonstration of influence over the game.
It’s a bug. We’re fixing it! Sorry this one slipped thru.
Off the top of my head:

LEV vs XSET Haven - "THATS THE SPIKE"

DRX vs FPX Ascent - Ardiis clutch

FNC vs LOUD Icebox - Alfa collat 1v2

OPTIC vs BOOM Fracture - Crashies Rope ace

PRX vs NRG Pearl - Mr.Cove

EDG vs T1 Haven - KK awp taunt

PRX vs EG Ascent - c0m is always flanking
Really valo should place you higher to the top rank on your team and not the average.
This is one of the best comments on this sub I have read
they wanted to nerf the light shield meta. 

&#x200B;

thats exactly what is gonna happen: instead of a rifle, you can buy a cheap operator, when the enemy is on a low buy. 1tap to the chest.

&#x200B;

On buyrounds its gonna be a bit more tricky, since light shields are so strong in the current meta, when you try to counter that with the outlaw, the enemy you just hit in the chest either dies or not, so its more risky and cheaper than an operator and only sometimes better than the marshal. That  makes it a balanced weapon.  The long reload and the worse handling than the marshal should place it somewhere in between the two snipers.

&#x200B;

On lowbuy-rounds, this one is gonna be a banger, just check the enemy economy and adjust accordingly.
there’s 3 no? viper brim gekko
I get atleast 3 aces stolen by my duo on a daily basis , so I feel you . We even changed our names on discord to “Professional Ace Stealer”
And “ Constantly getting my ace stolen” . Help me make a shorter name please .
lag?
ice cold, is his voice line
When Fade kills Kay-O - 

"Scrap metal."

Cold.
a game theory
Ngl u are nasty. But u knew that already
And line up in a conga line style! Don’t mind the fire on the ground. -Brim player
The advice should always be to to encourage him to try, but don't let him give up on the real-life stuff. No matter how good he is, there are hundreds of reasons it might not work out and those reasons only increase long-term. Encourage him, but make sure he has a plan in life outside of that.
The real question is what window is he talking about on ascent A??
Me. I’m not very good.
hardstuck silver or ascendant, no inbetween
Phoenix's "heal off of his own fire" is also technically a passive!
dont say it will never happen

league got one

its not like riot is unable to comprehend that soloqueue needs to exist

they jist havent done it yet because reasons i guess
Chinese people dont celebrate christmas. It is entirely a western thing.

Source: Im chinese
Got the recon phantom and ion sheriff 🤣 first time it was good
So you're telling me that gaming community has a bigotry problem? Damn 🤯🤯🤯🤯
It's boring to play. Here's a few of my personal reasons:

* It takes a long ass time to rotate
* I often feel, in most positions, that I'm either alone defending against many attackers, or there are gaps in our defensive setup. 
* Wall controllers are an absolute necessity in ranked play, which makes comps predictable and bland. It's always the same.
* Awpers can have an absolute field day playing Breeze against teams that don't use or make bad use of utility, which is... Kind of the norm in the vast majority of ranks, so that can also contribute to the boredom as getting peeked in the first seconds of a round and get stuck watching your team doing some dumb shit for 2 minutes and eventually losing sure isn't fun.
* Honestly? Even the sites are meh. Like, do you really look towards A and think: Damn, it feels good to play here, what a well designed part of the map? It's awkward to say the least. 


I just really fucking hate Breeze. If I'm performing well and getting  a lot of kills and good moments, it still sucks, but if I'm doing bad it is absolutely terrible.
ICE. LITERALLY EVERY OTHER GAME HAS AN ICE THEMED CHARACTER WHY NOT VAL
Always a Jett. Unless someone instalocks quicker, then they instalock Reyna
>Same here. Problems with games happen all the time with small indie companies like Riot. Just gotta endure it..

Hhahah i guess we gotta do some more donations on skins so they can solve it
Wait the tp is genius,
Well when the guy got called out he made up another more recent lie that he had a secret account in Radiant. He wasn't just boosted in season 3 or 4, he actively lied a month ago. A bit different than something that happened years ago.
Become Main of an agent that would suffer pro player syndrome a few years later , RIP viper I will never forget the wall + stinger rushes from 1.0
The should add for overkill not focused on 6 , now that we have 2 characters who can fully revive (Clove and Sage\*) and 2 with pseudo revive (Fenix and Kayo) 

So things like :

* Iso : "Weren't supposed  to be 5?" "How many chances do you guys need?" 
* Phoenix : "Are they come back again?"

Also the one you made for Viper was perfect
Can confirm this works, I do this to iso players all the time and I always win as a result
Bind is my favorite map by a long shot, play someone that isn’t Viper. duelists are fun on Bind, Brim and Cypher are great, etc
Honestly didn't even think about that. That would probably be the best change they could do now that you mention it.
if i were that raze id probably hit my head on the ceiling with that second satchel lmao

anyway nice clutch, im wondering how the enemy brim even died to his own ult (?)
I just know the brim and Kayo got flamed
Why is everyone going off topic about his past controversy? He just stated he didn’t enjoy having streaming take over his life, nothing about hitting radiant.
Would make sense to keep it the same as Comp because it's meant to be a warmup mode anyways. Don't know if that's what's happening though.
then you start to realize 3-9 isnt even that big of a comeback, its actually a normal to come back with that score. some games, with some team comps 3 rounds on a side is actually more than enough to win the next half.
A higher refresh rate will definitely improve your performance. But don’t worry I hit ascendant with 75 hertz itself :)
Lol I only spend my disposable income and I slowly got skins over 3 years, buying skins over food is wild
You're applying the science wrong here; being nice just means you're more likely to win games that *you* wouldn't have won otherwise, not more likely to win greater than 50% of any games in a given set. But I think you got the main point out of it, which is just have fun and enjoy yourself which tilting hampers
there was this cracked jett in my team and all of us but him were dead.

it was a 1v5 .

he ulted.
my guy killed four of them in 2 seconds with one updraft. 
he started laughing maniacally and said "hahahah i am so goo-" got a headshot from the bottom frag mid-air.

the VC was filled with laughter. 
the whole lobby went maniac with that one round and it was an amazing game right after.
its the small things :)
Might as well add double jumps at this point
Its crazy that a feature that could help determine hackers, improve strats, and help people easily create content for the game is "not extremely essential".
hi
yes bruh its bad lol most coaches (and players) recommend not going above 400-500 edpi. yours is 1450.
Reloads faster. I don’t think he gets combat stim
As a light shield enjoyer, yeah, I'm a little worried.

My main concern is that this thing is affordable after winning a pistol round. It's an op on round 2. Of all the things the community has hoped and asked for (COUGHreplaysystemCOUGH) I don't ever recall seeing this come up.

Yes the marshal exists, but it is defeated by light shields, which creates an opportunity for teams to force up on their eco with stingers and light shields.

My fear is that if this gun is actually good, it will make forcing up a bad play, and will make full save eco rounds the only viable buy every game, over and over. This lack of diversity is bad for the game, and could potentially outweigh the fun and excitement of having a new gun to play with.

Also, if this is the effect it has on the meta, that places even more importance on winning the pistol round, which again, I don't think is good for the game.

Also also, it it's an indirect buff to Jett, which is also bad for the game right now.

I don't mind the marshal because it punishes greedy saves, and rewards skilled players. I don't mind the op (as much) because it is a big financial commitment that can create a big power swing if it is lost to the enemy, and justified the use of extra utility to push players off their angle or to trap and kill them. Depending on how it actually functions the outlaw could dodge one or both of these balancing qualities.

Lastly, consider how long it takes Riot to balance some things. How long was the Chamber meta? How long were people ask for a judge nerf? The Jett/Raze dichotomy has basically always been a thing, and Riot seems completely clueless as to how to fix it. Still waiting on those Deadlock buffs BTW.

I am also skeptical that Riot's primary motivation for releasing a new gun is for the sake of fun and game balance. Let's face it, they want to sell more skins. 

Those are just my concerns, though. We really do just have to wait and see how it all shakes out. Every time a new agent or some buffs or nerfs are announced, people freak out, but most of the time it turns out to be pretty mild and generally for the benefit of the game.
Short answer is yes,

The real question is would it be healthy for the game?

That answer is no.

Here is why, agents have clear defined roles with certain abilities that blur the lines between other roles, I.E. Skye being an initiator but having a heal. Jett being an entry but having smokes, I used the last one as an example because we had a meta where Jett *was used as* a controller/entry. When her smokes were 8 seconds they fulfilled the same role as a traditional smoker with all the benefits of playing Jett. I feel the same thing would happen with Phoenix, why pick viper/harbor when you can pick phoenix who also has a molly *and* a flash? His wall *needs* to be weaker than harbors and vipers to incentivize picking those agents.
My Ult's ready!My Ult's ready!My Ult's ready!My Ult's ready!My Ult's ready!My Ult's ready!My Ult's ready!My Ult's ready!My Ult's ready!
Phoenix. That way I’d finally be Immortal
You're talking to silvers 💀
Report him
This is honestly the one situation I don't feel bad about the shield the Operator has been too good at holding space forever especially for agents with mobility.
Poor Clove, couldnt even make it third time lucky.
Fun fact this 5stack queued a third game off stream to try out the strats anyways.

They faced 5 different bots.

Proof: https://tracker.gg/valorant/match/1b271721-1d43-41ef-abc6-e0957817c97c

Here are games 1 and 2:
https://tracker.gg/valorant/match/9826ae56-3dd6-4bd3-a328-3be2caacbbec
https://tracker.gg/valorant/match/de332b0e-972b-49c5-bc63-cbbca431e954
Bro gets more than double the like twitch viewers of every VCT match than the actual official valorant twitch (which is usually like 70-80k, while valorant official gets like 25-35k)
Why u bullying the clone tho man we understood that in 1st one
Smurfing. When I look in valorant tracker and a level 20 silver Reyna in obliterating plat lobbies I’m done.
I liked the ruin set and .exe/kingdom.
This, I love my friends. I play unrated with them lmao
You can see the bullet hit the wall since he was a tiny bit late with shooting
My name is “eight divorces” and it’s been a fantastic ice breaker for my teams 😂
>If you headshot two people standing infront of each other you get 2 kills

I don't think that is always true. I think bullet penetration through enemies was also subject to the normal damage reduction that bullet penetration elsewhere can do.

\-

>goes throgh util you do nothing.

This is disproven in the video we just saw, where we see 127dmg dealt.
Every 10 minutes? Bruh I get it every round.

Had a Raze literally body block and follow me around the entire game because he wanted my skin even though we were getting wrecked on Bind. I literally yelled at him to stop and he kept that shit up until I called him a dog on chat and Deadlock naded him a few times. I'm not proud of that but it annoys me that some people just don't get the message 

Again me advocating for an Indonesia server just so the Indos can go haunt others instead of on Singapore servers.
small indie company back at it again
A fake should look like it is coming from the other site entry. This is obviously fired from B.
If it gets you a kill, it’s never a waste.
She also runs an orphanage and takes care of her community
A conspiracy theory is that this is exactly why riot DON'T want a replay system. A replay system is not hard to make at all, infact unreal have a built in [replay system](https://docs.unrealengine.com/4.27/en-US/TestingAndOptimization/ReplaySystem/) so the fact that valorant is an unreal game that dont have a replay system is extra baffling.

Riot probably realized theres way more closet cheaters out there than they want the public to know, and they are discreet enough to be not be obvious. And a replay system would probably expose this facade, and a simple internal evaluation would allow riot to conclude that an replay system would benefit the players, but not riot as a company. But hey this js just a theory, a CONSPIRACY theory
They don't ask for full german callouts but the parts that are german should actually sound remotely german. The important english callouts would be the same. Just because you let a foreigner voice the character doesn't mean their english would be uncomprehendable. Do you have problems understanding Chamber or Fade? Adding the right flavour doesn't drag down the core information but would stop my ears from bleeding whenever Killjoy tries to pronounce 'Scheiße'
This is hilarious. And he was SO cocky about being radiant. Always had radiant gun buddy (ep 3 lol) equipped, always tried to lump himself into the radiant/T3 pro group (saying stuff like “this is how WE think about the game”). Stopped watching because I could not stand his ego. Love to see it’s all built on insecurity.
Watch pro players. Fact is if these content creators are trying to farm clips in Radiant doing weird Neon or Yoru tricks, they are for sure losing every game so a very large majority of high elo content creators are playing in Immortal or custom games. PRX Jingg is constantly top fragging in Top 50 Radiant and he never really tryhards or rages. The PRX players generally have more entertaining YouTube highlights now.
troll team, realize you can drop off mid rope then experiment.
They didn’t, the name was chosen in 2018, changed from Pheonix1. And Sentinels have teams for other games like Halo and Apex Legends
For me it's definitely gotta be this one. I started playing around Episode 2 Act 3 so this is basically the first menu change I experienced. Now call me nostalgic but I think there is something so interesting in the simplicity of the visuals and the vibey music. It was also at this time when Riot started to lean on enrichening the Valorant lore with the release of Kayo and Chamber and the whole "Radiants vs humans" and "Dual worlds" plot. 

Correct me if I'm wrong but I think this is around the time when the terms "Alpha Earth" and "Omega Earth" were coined too.A close second would be Episode 4 Act 3 homescreen. The vibes on that one are also pretty good.
Lol tbh his average jonas videos are pretty valid. Some of the cc he calls out are ego tripling just like jonas.
Of course, console would be unplayable without it
Headshot Iso thru sova
Fade is absolutely busted on console right now. 

Like her abilities  function as if they are super charged compared to pc. 

I’ve seen her dog  climb over tall walls to bite people. And not supposed to happen.
On that note is walking with classic speed = walking with knife speed?
It's confirmed guys, good aim and game sense is stored in balls, or maybe tits idk
Iso any day his shield is just not good for this game I think he could be reworked into an initiator tho

Also I'm curious why do people want to remove Chamber is he considered annoying even after the nerfs? I'm kinda new to the community I started at E7A3
I think Harbor power comes from the artifact on his wrist right? Have they said if that's radianite? I assume it is but can't remember if they had actually said that.
Really well made. Extremely fun to remember the exact details
Summed up very well.
Didn't say it doesn't. We make use of what crumbs we got brotha.
i'm so sorry :( 

I didn't have enough credits to buy someone a gun so I said "no sorry". He proceeded to tell me I should say and scream "no" again because he wants to jerk off to the fantasy of SAing me and me resisting. He got the other 3 guys on our team on board and I had to dc after a few rounds because they wouldn't stop threatening and moaning. For some reason, they didn't get a chat/comm restrictions during the match, so yeah.

I hate that things like this can have such an effect on me and while reporting usually works well, there is literally nothing we can do other than stop playing
please dont give them ideas, im always out of radianite already
eco, try to surprise the enemy, get an early kill or two and snack their guns is what me and my team would do. in soloq it sucks because people will probably force and it doesn't really make sense to save when your team buys.
I believe it's on store all year if I recall correctly
Pretty sure it just tracks you.
Can't believe Breeze has any points at all tbh
Well, that’s enough Reddit for me today. I’m gnna go play comp.
Damn a frame perfect defuse fail crazy timing. Guessing you let go of 4 right before you died thinking you had it? If you scrub it slowly you can see the "press 4 to defuse" pop up again for like two frames.
If you've ever heard of slicing the pie, you already get the idea. Minimize the amount of risk by only exposing yourself to what you can immediately shoot
real talk you’d be better off baiting for your teammate with a rifle

option 1) you bait them and hopefully pick up the gun to reuse and hopefully the enemy doesn’t (you’re unlikely to insta trade if they force buy)

option 2) you let them bait you, die to some guy with a bucky in a corner and they have a rifle to easily trade you
Clutch mute, baby.
The real answer is no one knows. This system is Riot's design and clearly they want it that way. But writing paragraphs of text trying to justify it when you know nothing is pretty cringe, so I will not do it. My only advice is do not keep playing expecting it "to get better". Fuck that. Vote with your playtime. If you keep playing more when something is shitty expecting it to get better you are showing the devs that they're doing everything right and they should keep on doing it.
I don't think even the premise is relevant in pro play and the advice definitely isn't.
does anyone know how to fix the bug where you will have comms for the first few rounds then it will magically disappear for the rest of the match?
All edgy less than 5 letter lowercase names. usually means its a 14 year old with inhuman reactions
Yep, it has usually been around halfway through an act like we are rn then it last for a few weeks until near the end of the Act.
Stand up for your rights to speak, ignore or mute toxic people
can we please have flairs to differentiate PC or Console.
Lore accurate Omen
Ascendant is top 8% of players. Even Plat is above average at top 40%. You have strange ideas about what the word "mid" means.
Well...

His shields can absorb one tick of damage, which is what the spike is. It's a massive amount of damage, but still only just one tick.🤷
A lot of people get stuck in diamond apparently (Me and my entire friend group for example lmfao)
Read something from the CS sub and had a "he's got a point" moment. The lack of replay system is deliberate at this point, and makes us think that Vanguard is an omnipotent anti-cheat because we can't check on our own
Any time there’s a callout or name for something that doesn’t make too much sense, 9 times out of 10 it’s taken from Counter Strike
Why
Oh yeah I see it now, that's one weird angle lol
Idk if it’s cheaters or just the terrible ranked system, but I’ve for sure seen some insanely suspicious plays this act. 

In my 3 and something years I’ve seen only one obvious cheater and it was on my team so I could confirm it. I’ve also played against a five stack team who were terrible most of the time, and then toggled every once in a while, while spamming the name and link of a website with cheats (I’m not giving the name for obvious reasons).
Not true, in the training cinematic, he glazes himself because he hit 30/30 hard bots, but KJ points out they ALL have 30/30 hard bots
Breach main here, up to a certain elo initiator can be really strong to climb and get a grasp of the difficulties the game has to offer. 

But when you reach a point where everyone in the game will 1tap at any mistake you make. 

Well, just hope your duelist will react to your calls for util and will ask for some because I can assure you, there are really few things that piss me off more than a scared duelist who never entry sites.
Don't mind me :)
I know its my fault im still hardstuck gold but i still want to blame the smurfs
Omen and Phoenix imo have the most balanced kits. All the other mechanics are niche
I feel like that in most competive things, the gap between hobbyist, amateurs and professionals seem like that. 


I can't really give you any advice cause I peeked diamond tho lol
him duoing with anyone else would be okay but doing it with the person who boosted you is... definitely a choice...especially after being exposed like that lmao
Definitely Plat - Diamond personally. A lot of imposter syndrome (conscious or unconscious), and it's comparatively worse when it comes to ego-based performance. See it a lot in streams + spectating lower ranked friends...

I understand people saying maybe Silver - Gold, because of the arrogance/pure chaos that takes place, but it's arguably worse in Plat - Dia. Mainly because people there actually think they know so much that it feeds into this egoistical loop...
This works. Still awkward for combos, though. You're still stuck between barriers like a caged animal 🥲
I miss 98% of the shots I do take in this game
ryujin no Ken wo kurae
>so hit multiple targets

I thought it only targeted the first person hit?
They won’t do anything that can’t be directly monetized until people either: 

stop spending money out of spite, like I am. 

Or 

The game starts losing players because it’s lacking features CS had for years. 


Tbh, riot got so lucky that valve choked on CS2.
If I were that sage, I'd be the one throwing the game
When Spectating I've experienced that it's not a 1:1 replication of their screen. 

Cause my friend was wondering why I'm holding just like this when I can't see shit. I was like wym, I'm holding very tight.
Many people I know got demolished their first matches. When I've played my first comp matches, I left game for 2 weeks, that miserable I felt. 
Placement matches means the mm system is trying to calibrate your mmr in kinda rough way, so don't worry about it. It's not about where you'll be placed, it's about where you'll finish.
this video is like 4 years old with those player models
Most controller mains choose to pick another smoke agent because a lot of the instalock Cloves are usually people just wanting to play the agent and either have no interest in throwing smokes or don't know proper smokes (They screw up the Ascent A Heaven smoke every time). 

Plus, controller mains have trust issues with randoms playing smokes lol.
If he aims the same way with any weapon, you might as well start praying in that cocoon.
I think you didn't quite understand the tip, you should of course shoot immediately if you only have to make a very small flick or generally have okay aim and then it doesn't matter if you miss. But if you look at low elo vods, you'll see that a lot of them start shooting as soon as they see an enemy even if they aim a meter away from the opponent or react very panicked to an opponent. So this tip mainly applies to low elo people with poor aim, because it's more important and better not to shoot in that situation , especially because you have a little more time to aim.
Iron 1 Cypher popping off!
I have a reallllllly bad case of revenge bed time LMAO. I work a 9-5 but once I get home I lock in for a couple of games, hang with the gf, and lock in for two more games and then sleep by like 2-3. Tho tbf I’m 24 so maybe that helps
I'm happy having a teammate instalock smokes every game.
Cubby is without a doubt the rectangle on short. Like the cubby on Haven C long.
I even miss Fracture even tho its not the most liked map :(
Teleport to the Maldives

Have some good old fashioned christian fun

Murder 7 people

Teleport back

Profit
also vandal has 25 bullets and phantom has 30
Deadlock can only be unlocked for exp or VP rn right? until the end of the month?
same for everyone rn ranked is just fucked
I will be blunt here.

Most pro players don't make a decision to go pro as you describe. They play the game that they love and eventually they are good enough to compete.

I personally think you should treat the game the same way.

Just keep grinding the game that you love and when you are radiant, you should try to join a team and go from there.

Be extremely friendly and good with criticism.

Good luck.
i think people should be giving it their all. royalG from what ive seen tries his best and still drops his teammates. if he got to the rank he got to on said weapon then he deserves to be there. take what i say with a grain of salt as i am a little biased since i play off meta all the time on league of legends.
Outside of immediate trades because the op can't get another shot off in time to not die to your teammate, no, you dying is not impacting this. If they weren't talking in team VC, they were certainly in discord or their own heads commenting on how often you were throwing your life away.
Bro I’m immortal and raze movement is one thing I never learned😭 I look like a bronze player when I play her no joke
Let me in!!!
Apparently crossplay no, cross progression yes
Radiant, never seen anyone push past it.
I play bronze ish mrr there neon can already wreck because our aim is trash. Now neon will run the lobby
Maybe in 2 or 3 years from now there wont be many players left with this buddy cause it was limited and then you will almost never see the pink buddy on your gun unless you queue with someone that you know has it.. :/
im grateful that this isnt common for me, probably because i sound like an 11 year old boy on mic lol
I’m hard stuck asc right now (was immortal last act) and literally see radiant gun buddies occasionally in my lobbies. This act is so fucked.
Fade can peg me
According to OP she’s been grinding overwatch and other games since she was 8 or so so tbh she may have the same if not more time playing than you
Nah not for me, morning players are the best. At night I've met more toxic players especially 4 stacks that don't Comms with the 5th random. Then blame the random afterwards.

Morning players especially the 7am ones are the chillest and friendliest based on my experience
Ok so for those of you who didn't know you can see your smoke radius post-mortem by simply checking your minimap, it's what I do and it makes it a lot easier
"oh yah"

"fucking eh bud"
In my case It doesn’t, cause of the inner ears damage so using headphones would be useless
The better variation imo is to have a tp in uhaul/lamps or somewhere else on A, then you walk into the tp while holding the decoy in hand. Once you’re in the tp on the other side, you left click the decoy to have it walk out the other side. This way the other team only hears 1 audio cue and sees the decoy come out the other side, and now you can swing whenever you would like while also having the option to teleport safely back to A
I think it's the best map in the rotation. 

I hate basically all the maps in the rotation.

I somehow miss Icebox and Fracture, two maps I also dislike.

I think Valorant's maps are just kind of bad and the game is enjoyable in spite of it.
I'm calling it that from now on 😂😂
I respect it only once they have reached their rank with those guns, because then it is fair. If you start on your peak and launch your challenge there I'll report you from throwing.
Check Vitality insta story about mental health. So probably this. RIP
Love the omen cosplay
Ahh yes, a repost from 2-3 years ago that includes the map Lotus, released in January 2023. Not the brightest cookie are you?
Lemme guess your aim is holding you back?
Lotus is out because it has never been rotated out. Only Ascent remains as the othe other map not to get rotated out.
Bro is out there saving our lost souls. God bless that banana
Still none. Is yet to be announced.
the biggest flaw valorant community has (based on numerous opinions from other CS players) - there are far more silent teammates than there should be. truly the worst fact on top of that is that it's a contagious behaviour and even i, who constantly tries to give calls in puny b3, am guilty of that.
Not a single person getting the trade is crazy
And give him some beige smokes or some
Let me make it clear, I am not saying you shouldn't have fun but beta is not meant to enjoy. It is so that when the game officially rolls out for the general public, there are no glitches and the players who have 100+ lvl and know every map, every angle, every ability are the ones that will help. Because if you don't know what it should be, you won't be able to tell what's wrong. So those players might be annoying to you, but they are the ones that are actually helping you get a better experience.
its not an unrated game. I'm a solo d3 currently. peak asc2, last act asc1. [Tracker](https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/bangarang%238603/overview?season=52ca6698-41c1-e7de-4008-8994d2221209). I am by no means the cleanest player and have a lot to improve so I can see why people think I'm lower than I am. I put my crosshair in dead spaces a lot, my cross hair placement can be jank as shit. I panic when I'm in situations like the one I posted. I use/pull out util at the worst possible time. By posting this I can see I need to improve on a lot by the comments alone. this clip alone I can pin point many mistakes (like why the hell did I look short) and by no means I should have been dead to the Skye. I appreciate the feedback on my swings it wasn't something I noticed when I posted the clip. I'm literally scrolling through YouTube reels in the back ground in the clip and I'm quite clearly not concentrating properly.
Alfa is just so good its crazy
im like 70% sure the gimmick is gonna be bomb sites on 2 different "levels" like nuke, weather they're right on top of each other idk
Cant wait to play them solely for the design and stop bc im too lazy to learn a new agent atp
It’s still demotivating af. The ranked system in Valorant is hot trash.
Is this like colorblind mode?
Which clip?
Probably recorded by a friend
800 in 3 years about
use higher dpi and lower in game sens instead
snowball fight
Jokes on you, I’ve always been bronze
in terms of pure stall time, yes.  but viper's molly has more potential for combos with other utility
All my crosshairs are gone after the Patch
Narrator: *it was at that moment I knew I fucked up*
there really should be, but there a lot of things cs has that valorant REALLY SHOULD and a lot of things valorant has that cs REALLY SHOULD. 

&#x200B;

i would play swiftplay if i were you. or find some friends and 5 queue unrated. also you can just queue up unrated and mute everyone. just don't do that in comp lol.
The fuck do you mean discovered lol there’s like 10 guns
Yup, first thing I noticed. Hate it
This is so true, even the chinese words wont get you banned.
that’s fair honestly
You scam yourself lol
They don't even have them in fucking Spike Rush.
I mean Astra is kind of dark too
You know I usually do this or similar things but one time, my Jett told me “ur mic is trash stop talking” I stopped talking the whole time until I had more credits and he requested “I’m sorry I didn’t mean it I swear please”


Lesson taught always be nice to ur team
Not kinda
Thank you! We like being able to talk and be more transparent with yall, as well. I know from the outside Riot and the VALORANT team might just seem like some big faceless corporate entity, but the reality is that the team is full of people who really genuinely care about the game and the community in a major way. We won't always be perfect, but we'll always be open to feedback and continuing to invest in the game.
That's what I was surprised lol, I was seeing a Prime vandal on the ground and it just showed vandal. Thanks for the comment!
noooo the eye!!
Riot is very focused on the Chinese market, it's only the second China agent, there will be more.
Chamber's "You want to play? Let's play." And every line when you get a kill with his ult, especially "Ohho, I'm enjoying this!"
If you have your camera watching, for example, A site and need to rotate to B, you can bunny hop while rotating and check your cam mid air so you're still moving while on cam
Poor skye was let down
At the urgent medical centre
i need such confidence in my life no cap.
Bro what… any molly stops momentum. Gekkos molly has a long activation time and lasts a lot shorter and even that can segment teams off or slow them down. In no world is a whole team going to simultaneously decide to walk through the chip damage of a molly, that is just senseless. 

It sounds like you’re missing the point of a molly in the first place. It’s not meant to be an easy kill. It is a deterrent used for zoning to cut access to areas or control the chokes offensively or defensively. The stall potential that is lost with this change is tied to losing the ability to cast it twice, and it has nothing to do with how much damage the molly does.
Also almost every single of my teams has been mad toxic. I think its because of the high number of washed ascs and immos who are mad that they were placed gold-plat.
you're imagining your gunfights wrong, whether you have the aim of a potato or not (which if im being honest you do but dont worry that'll come with time) valorant gunfights are honestly more about dodging than they are about hitting and i notice you're spending most of your time standing completely still, it should be direct A + D strafes and small bursts most of the time

obviously this changes with guns like the judge, OP and odin but those are fairly obvious  
also stop ADS'ing with a spectre it lowers your fire rate
Hey! I can give a little context here. So, first off, this is a pretty simple change and something we'll be gathering feedback on; definitely open to reevaluating this if there's a lot of criticism here. To share some of the reasons why we wanted to pull the entire modes ecosystem into one pool:  


* Right now, the majority of players who play Swiftplay still play it as a side mode, with Unrated or Competitive being their main way to engage with VAL. We've seen feedback from these players that Swiftplay games on maps outside of the map pool can feel "wasted", as they're not relevant to their main game experience, and they're mainly looking for ways to get  fast reps of the VAL experience. By bringing all modes into the map rotation, we ensure that games remain relevant for folks who are also engaging in our Unrated/Compet queues, which are the vast majority of players who play these modes.
* For players who pretty much only play Swiftplay or Spike Rush (a very small number, but they do exist!) we feel there's an opportunity to tie them into the broader VAL ecosystem more. Right now, map rotations don't matter for Swiftplay/Spike Rush primary players; the game essentially never changes. We think there's value in some shakeups to the meta now and then, and have felt that 7 maps is a good number to ensure you're not playing the same map every game, but that we can rotate out the active map pool and still make the experience feel different as a result. We don't want Swift/rush players to feel like they're not part of the broader ecosystem, and we want them to also be able to get excited about map rotations and goings-on in the VAL episode/act structure. We'll be gathering feedback on this one; totally understand the concern around going from 10 maps to 7, but our hope is that we can get everyone similarly excited and engaged in the current rotation.
* The final point is more of a long-term view; one other meaningful audience for Swiftplay in particular is new players. Right now when new players join VAL, Swiftplay is a common place for them to go - the mode is less punishing when you die, you get consistent economy to try out abilities and weapons, and you get fast reps so you can try out several different agents quickly. However, the number of maps can actually be detrimental here; learning new maps in a tac shooter is hard, and trying to learn 10 at once is more difficult. It can also be confusing for these players having different maps available in different queues, as the rules aren't consistent or super clear. An obvious reply is "put new players in their own map pool" but that also carries a ton of complexity and its own problems - how well does that map to the live pool? How do we ensure fast, but fair matchmaking? When do they graduate from the onboarding pool into whatever the size of the long-term Swift/rush queue would be, and how do they make that leap?

&#x200B;

Right now, it's all still fairly manageable - 10 versus 7 isn't a huge gap - but VAL isn't going to stop releasing maps anytime soon. In a world where we have 15 or even 20 maps, any of these buckets of reasoning could feel more pressing as well. So, we wanted to try this push - to get everyone on a consistent map rotation, with a shared experience and relevance, while maintaining enough variety from game to game - to see how well it mitigates some of these problems and how well it's received. If it's seen as net negative, we'll definitely reevaluate. Thanks for the feedback!
ascent was right there... anyway ive missed icebox!
The ‘Mute all enemy text chat’ is my favorite selection in the game
Nice carry on(kj main)
I love the fan knives
Cypher: "You Guys are so much better than my last team." (He speaks facts when your previous team sucked ass)

Cypher: "I. Am. Prometheus! And you are just a god."

Chamber: "Toaster is broken!"

Iso: "No distractions!"

Neon: "Hoi, found you!"

Brimstone: "Okay, time for a protein shake."

Raze: "OOOOOOBLITERATED!"

Harbor: "Ho Hoo! See that!?"
True that's another aspect of it. You rarely realize the weaknesses of an agent until you play with it a lot.
This explains the asuna vod review; I was genuinely amazed by how asuna would want his vod reviewed by this guy but it was probably just a clout/content boost going on for both sides
In casual modes you should let someone ace if they are on 4 kills but in comp I wouldn’t care
Ascent is a fun map, even now to play ranked on. In pro play it's a snooze fest unless its a PRX game. 

The reason people hate sunset is cause of that B site choke point. Add cypher into the mix and it gets even more nastier. 

Honestly I think sunset is a good map. Just the B site is a little iffy. I hate that in pro play, it's kinda giving me pearl B site vibes which I fucking hate though. 

I'm with u though. A map which I have hated with a passion is T side Cache. Breeze and icebox invoke the same emotions from me.

Only way to improve breeze is to delete it from the meta data.
I was downvoted to hell in your last post. I started iron 1 and peaked immortal a few times now. The biggest difference is that they play way more polished than us. From positioning, routing, the way they peek/when to use peeks, crosshair placement,  faster decision making, and gamesense plus util usage. They're basically us but sharper. 

Since you're dia rn i assume your aim is decent. I suggest VOD review and be really critical of the decision or plays you make. I myself am lacking in the mechanical area so im focusing on DMs to sharpen the way I take my gun fights.

Dia is a great milestone! It's awesome that while hitting it you're motivated to improve your gameplay!
lol at agents who can ONLY play selfishly.  

Reyna laughs in mindfuckerry
Opponent Reyna
I'm sorry but a cheater once every 5-10 games is just pure copium. 500+ hours in comp and I've only ever ran into one cheater, maybe 3 or 4 if some of the more suspicious people ended up also actually cheating.
I don't think they die a permanent death any more than agents do. We all respawn between rounds somehow.

Sova's drones fall apart after like 6 seconds of flight. It's best not to think too hard about how this stuff really works.
Did he play quake? Pretty sure it was somewhat common for quake players to have +forward on their mouse and then +attack to something on keyboard
It’s mainly people who are used to sentinels who have utility to watch for flank not accepting that she’s not made for that but a more aggressive sentinel. I’d argue that she isn’t as strong as kj/cypher but she does have a good post plant/on site kit.
and are super supportive. "ntnt" "NICE" "fuck their reyna"+"real" "mbmb" - had a full team like that and it made my whole week
that's crazy bro
Definitely want to work on the reloading habit but regardless the clip was still awesome
I’ve learned that some people who are new to the game can’t understand the instruction “F5 “yes” F6 “no”” and just don’t vote. Honestly I think that remake and surrender should he 3/5 votes because if the majority of the team wants it i don’t understand why you’d have 1 person dragging everyone else down.
Now why would they go and fix something that’s working for them
Or I challenge him to a hoops 1v1
Love how the sage just gives up in the end
In the lore, an event called "the first light" occurred which resulted in the widespread use of the newly discovered mineral radianite and grant superpowers to random individuals, sorta like X men mutants

The Valorant protocol was founded by young Brimstone directly in response to the first light which recruited mercenaries that were both radiants (with superpowers) or who were sufficient with radianite technology. Every agent with superpowers is a radiant and every agent without is just a human with radianite technology

Omen and KAY/O are exceptions. Because Omen has powers he's usually lumped in with the radiants, however he's clearly different from the rest and it's unclear if he was born that way or gained his powers unnaturally. KAY/O is a robot designed in an alternate timeline specifically to kill radiants by using his tech to nullify their powers

There's also Gekko who iirc hasn't been confirmed as to whether he's radiant or human
My question is will riot do anything about this despite the evidence? In cases of other content creators doing this they have been known to do nothing about this. As woohoojin is a pretty large creator who arguably, contributes a lot to people’s desire to continue playing, I see no motive for them to take action.
that one’s even worse
I used to watch SirJeppy on YT for lore like this, i wonder what happened to him

To answer your question, the voicelines from the game seem to kind of share this story already so its kind of an open secret. However, the cinematic brings up a couple of things:

- How would this info affect the Valorant Protocol

- If Omen worked *beside* Iso before, does that debunk the theory that Omen=Iso?
Man, I recently went like 28-9 on Cypher with important   clutches and the no-comms 25-21 full W Clove gets the MVP by 5 ACS and gained more RR. It hurts
I think I’ve done worse. But that last kill was hilarious
diamonds playing worse than silvers of asia fr
Cypher can retrieve a tripwire, and instantly put it back to avoid utilities. For example, on Sunset, I can retrieve my tripwire if I saw a sova recon arrow, wait for sova to shoot a shock arrow at where my tripwire was, then put my tripwire there again. And people don’t expect it
Also you have to grind the 5 levels independently anyways
no stinger for bee skinline?? wth
i talk shit to my immo friend in discord to hype me up before getting waffle stomped by golds
A classic would be cool.  I feel like they will definitely do a higher used gun.
Maybe if it hit someone they would get kicked from the game and vanguard banned permanently by the sheer suppression.
Actually it's 10% luck, 20% skill, 15% concentrated power of will, 5% pleasure, 50% pain, and 100% reason to remember the name
My point is, if pros are doing it, you probably should be too
Yeah but Iso collecting orbs is definitely way different from keeping his existing status effects.
I love it, but something about this says “I draw smut” 
Prime karambit?
He's mad because getting knifed is humiliating.
Viper got Chamber'd.

It might even be worse than Chamber's gutting.
Do you have raw input buffer on? Could be windows mouse settings otherwise
Learning how to play all roles will give you a deeper understanding of the game
best is glitchpop imo especially cause the hologram effect carries over to any marshal skin i have equipped lol

worst is probably spline
marshals typically hit the body for 101 hp. so you can figure that out yourself. without healing, 2 body shots should definitely kill them, and one headshot should kill them. with heal, around three shots should kill them (unless reyna). of course it depends on how much damage they take in the duration lmao (like mollies or smt).

i think it is worth it AS LONG as you come out of mid still alive lol. it's always nice to do damage to the enemy whenever you can, yk?
While I respect your opinion, Dragon Balls ftw.
If you use copyrighted content from them as a base of your Art, you art belongs to them.

Some companies forbid arts/transformations and can sue every single artist trying to, ofc they don't manage to prevent that practice, most times they tolerate even if they technically forbidden it.

Others ask you to forfeit your ownership to them, which now allows them to use fan made content at their will.

Which one is worse, I don't know but for sure the first one doesn't seem like the best one from a community point of view.
You also get credits for every match based on how many rounds you play and win you play just like how you get exp now. From what it seems to me it will be about the same amount of time to unlock an agent
Wait, was the reyna boosting his pheonix friend
And say he was never smurfing again
neo frontier marshal hits different nice shot!
Gotta go fast
Flick so good it reverted breeze changes
Even then, I don't think it deserves that reputation. It's more usable than just spike retrieval and popping into the enemy spawn. I love to use it while my team is hitting a site to join in from a weird angle, or to split their attention even more, for example.

I do think it could use a buff though
I don’t think anyone says kids can’t play… kids just are more likely to be obnoxious. I have no problem playing with kids, I have a problem playing with obnoxious people.
It depends on rank tbh

Breach at low ranks is broken, but at higher ranks the stun feels so bad because they are already near headshot height when you swing.

Sova at low ranks feels bad because his util is hard to use, and bad placement of his darts gives you very little info, but at high ranks he is one of the strongest in the game

KAYO at low ranks is hard because the upsides and downsides of his kit are a bit nuanced, while Skye at high ranks is hard because she offers no midround info and no abilities to combo with a duelist for entry.
I play Swiftplay because it doesn’t require      40 minutes, but then I end up playing 40 minutes of swiftplay.   

Another reason is that if I suck there are no stakes and it’s only a few round until I can go next.
Yeah I would've gotten butterfly as well that's pretty rare
His Q and E are sort of to be used together. 

For eg. on pistol round, you buy 4 bullets 1 trap.
Place a trap on eg. Haven garage. Put teleport behind boxes and open your alt fire on pistol. Now you have a guardian placed like an op, you click heads and tp to not get traded. 

Chamber's kit is meant for you to be aggressively holding angles unlike Cypher where you let them in the site and destroy them by hiding behind cages.
Lol no dude. Turn on the shooting error graph
My Friend's POV: https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/14640ns/slicing\_a\_kayo\_knife\_midflight\_with\_a\_katana/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3
Man they are your friends, play for fun. Tell them you wanna have fun and play unrated. And if they still wanna play ranked tell them that you don't like to. When you lose, tell them you didnt wanna play ranked because of this😂😂. My friend doesn't play ranked with me cause I suck. So maybe try to get them to have fun
Ngl, not really... Sure its nice being able to 4 man, but i rememeber that time it once allowed... People used to just pick on each and every mistake the solo queue did.
ProSettings here with a new infographic for the start of the 2024 competitive season. 

We posted the most used products and settings of all analyzed VCT players in the infographic above. If you want to read more, you can always check out [our website](https://prosettings.net/games/valorant/), where we have an entire section dedicated to VALORANT.

Note that this is just for fun. We don't mean to say that you should all go out and get (for example) an Artisan Zero to then become an aim God. Use whatever you're comfortable with and whatever your budget, setup, and playing style allows, and please treat this infographic as a quick and fun source of info on what the best players are using right now. 

If you have any questions, we'll be around to answer those!
Ascent.

How long has it been since Ascent was rotated out?

I shall continue missing fracture, otherwise pretty neutral about the rotation.
i actually gasped a little. haven was omens playground. I will now blame all my losses on the lack of haven.
I used aim labs and did the vct na yay, headshot, vct na king, and a couple of voltaic tasks on kovaaks. Recently I play aim trainers more than valorant because I find the challenge and higher scores fun
Why do the comments of this post think the commentator is being serious? He literally asks for more, playing up drama is common in eSports
what am i watching
Guy has to be done for the day after that lol
His problem was his c as a duelist, but rito decided to buff his shield 

It's so ridiculous that he gets free shield every round. Yes everything can break it but he gains so much free area cuz of that
Woah that looks sick how long did it take you to make it?
No pikeng
Footnote for speedier response - If you just shift+enter it opens all chat
Found it. [https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/14640ns/slicing\_a\_kayo\_knife\_midflight\_with\_a\_katana/](https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/14640ns/slicing_a_kayo_knife_midflight_with_a_katana/)
Spike rush :P
Look at minimap, gamesense, comms etc.
radianite? in this economy?
This is the greatest analogy I have ever read dude.
Agree with everything but the ranked rewards. I saw how much those things inflated boosting in other games so I'm pretty against it but I'm down for rewarding other stuff.
You play them… literally no other way. And most agents are easy anyways
With FPS being invaded by cheaters all the time I actually think most people who enjoy fps no longer have a problem with the kernel AC. It's most geeks who think they have some sort of high level targeted egos or something lol
You should probably consider all the different ratios.

* Weekly + daily EXP to daily KC ratio is 17:1
* Round lost ratio is 100:2 or 50:1
* Round won ratio is 300:4 or 75:1
* Required EXP to KC ratio is 975000:45000 (you get 2000 back at level 5) or 21.667 : 1

I mathed it out before and the difference in time taken changes quite a bit depending on your play pattern, like how often you play, how much you play when you do get on, how long it actually takes you to complete your weeklies...

In most cases KC is slower, but even the worst scenarios were only like 1.5x longer.
I've got to teach myself to stop cod reloading to get an ace like this
Viper has the highest pick rate in pro play by a pretty substantial margin. She's basically universally played on 5 of the 7 maps in the pool right now. She definitely needed nerfing. This much of a nerf? IDK.
this is a weird interaction between your ult and cypher's ult where your ult is cancelled by cypher's ult. pretty sure you can raise a ticket with riot support about this. as this might not be intended
For anyone who clicks that link, simple explanation is from 40 seconds to 1:05
Opinion: Giving headshot immunity in a tac shooter makes zero sense. Body immunity to tank a single OP/Ult shot sure, but full headshot immunity?

The audio cue is loud, you can spam the smoke/corner as soon as you hear him bring the shields up. Then you just make sure not to fight him until you’ve for sure broken the shield.
100% agree on the kills thing. as a Sentinel main, yes we are supposed to get kills but it isn't our job to be seeking them out
Draw a picture
Yep every mistake you make is realised and you barely have time to criticize others since you're wallowing in misery over misplays yourself... However it builds up good mechanical skill and you do get good but it just takes MUCH MUCH more time compared to other agents
gotta love when you "hit a clip" then watch it back a month later and you're just like "well that was average as fuck, why did i think that was so cool at the time?" lol
bro. this is mad unlikely but it would be so funny if valorant devs came out and confirmed some sort of spaghetti code that raises accuracy to 100% for about a second after a 360 i would eat my hat.
prob not most OP but KJ could fuck up a retaker's day with double turret, alarm bot, 3 mollies and double area denial ult.

I would say viper is a strong contender, but only if her fuel capacity and recharge get buffed. imagine not just two walls and two orbs, but also the ability to specifically choose which ones to activate.

Also, double viper ult is meaningless unless you pop them near each other and play in the overlap, which would make you easy to find. Fun hypothetical though.
The way he can salvage this situation is by just streaming games on his mysterious alt radiant account. But he says that it would be petty to drop the details.

I wonder if that account is boosted too and he does not want people to look through the old tracker details?
Or the raze. She's good with explosives
You do get punished for dodging. You also get punished for AFKing or leaving a match early. So either way the player gone on round 1 gets punished. Also, unless you’ve played the other team before you can’t know if you don’t want to face them at the start of round 1.
Again, impeccable wording lmaoo
There are a lot of smurfs, though, and they're usually obvious. It's not just that they're good, but the super confident way they play. Plus most of the time you can spot their duo from their similar pings.
You’ll never see the Skye again >:)
Honestly really right, OW2 player here and the difference between my Val and Ow sens is crazy. in ow even a single touch can get me a 360' turn.
I fear the stinger because of that lil fucker.
“MMMMMM”
Fortnite makes much more money than Valorant can ever dream of.

Yet their most expensive BUNDLES cost as much as a SKIN in Valorant.

Their most expensive (and controversial) skin right now is a car skin that costs 35€ which is a Lamborghini that you can use in both Fortnite (Battle Royale and Rocket Racing, RR is just another mode, similar to Trackmania that they added recently) and Rocket League (the game they own)
If you want aim tips, you should record a clip and share it. No one can tell why you lose duels from just stats alone.

One thing I did notice is your stats (K/D, ADR, win rate, everything) are noticeably worse on two specific maps: Icebox and Breeze. The fact that you play Brimstone on Breeze is kind of a problem in itself. I would suggest reflecting on what your issues are with those maps, and what you can do to fix them.
Yeah, the Outlaw has ruined my teams’ economies
It was a fun meme game mode for sure. Nothing like putting down 100 brim smokes on a site haha
Yeah. Riot have got a lot better with making walls "impenetrable" but there are gaps in almost every wall which you can use. It could provide a great "clip" moment for someone, or for me, a way to counter Killjoy who is currently viable on every map.
I personally like the German "Flawless" if you win the round, dont know why.
Unironically the other team could've done the exact same thing just a little quicker
Some people think that kills are enough to win, but unless you annihilate 4 players every round it's not really always the case....

Sometimes I be playing duelist with a team of total monkeys, and I literally cannot do my job because I have 0 support from my team and they don't listen and help me out with their utility or just by playing off me.

So maybe those games I will not take many kills if the enemy team is similar skill to me, and then some LURKING INITIATOR will just start flaming me for not pushing or taking kills....

Like brother listen

You are my flash/info and you are opposite side of the map, my smoker just died peeking mid alone, my sage forced in our save and now he has a sheriff, and my second duelist is playing operator so he cannot push with me


Pls explain brother


What
Can
I
Do
Should have right clicked
Right? I come home from a day of sexist comments at work only to get r*pe threats thrown at me because how dare a woman play a video game. 🫠
Just say you don't have any friends
Immortal player : scared of a run and gun killing machine.

Reyna on silver : Instant headshot
They take note of the little details like where utility was used so they know how many agents are at a certain site.
Using Player tendencies like which site usually are or anticipating ability tendencies like flashing out of smoke.
Anything that gives them higher than the typical 50/50 odds
There’s only one skin in Valorant that cost $60-70 USD and it’s the champions butterfly knife that includes the Phantom skin as well and it costs $62. The most expensive individual knife skin is the arcade bundle melee at $59, which is ridiculous and it looks bad too






Aside from that, I think there are two more that are like $53 (Oni 2.0 katana and one other I can’t recall) and then every other knife skin in the game is between $43-$17







But the thing with knife skins is they are intentionally expensive to pressure you into buying the bundle. Like with the arcade bundle, the knife is $59 but the entire bundle with an OP, Phanton, Ghost, Bulldog, sprays, cards, 3 gun buddies and the melee is less then twice the cost at $110, making it an okay deal if you buy the whole thing. 







The reason skins are so experience is because they can be. They shouldn’t be, but they are. If people didn’t buy them in droves then Riot wouldn’t be able to charge so much
it used to be soo much fun, telling people to shut up through the agents without having to say anything. I am sad that they removed it.
If you die with a sheriff you no longer have the sheriff.
Smurfs in platinum were the worst for me because it was typically some ascendant dude boosting his 100 ACS girlfriend. We would always tell the dude that she friend zoned him & never gonna let him smash and it would trigger both of ‘em. Good times.

Now, smurfs in high Diamond are annoying because the games are always competitive and you feel like every game was win-able yet you’re fighting uphill against some dude on the other team dropping 40 on a new private account. Yet you can see their duo/trio and that Smurf exclusively only plays with those friends and carries them to a rank they don’t belong.
Nah we won
This is all common sense.. this is iron/bronze tips.
Why shouldnt u buy a sheriff?
This would go hard asf in an edit where Yoru goes like "Dying... Is for other people", and rips out of the ult lol
Supposedly he has an alt that’s radiant and plays smokes, his main role, right? Bro better stream some games on there live lmao. A lot of his advice in the past been good, with techs good for even imms, but respect for him just disappeared.
Valorant players when someone just plays for fun not to win
Germany destroyed them on their home turf in the world cup
Bring back Haven and Pearl 👍
Classic bug because it exploded behind the corner.
WestJett is a guy who lives on the internet making other videos about clowns. When you're high and tired after a long day of real life it's nice to chill out to this degenerate drama.
I do think it’s funny he has Challenger in his Twitch bio when it’s Challenger in flex queue lol
Man if this was on April Fools and said day had a contest you'd win 

Jokes aside absolutely amazing concept design I can see this guy actually in the game with a few tweaks in his abilities and you managed to get the art style, great job!. Ya workin for riot? lmao
Everybody is going to say you should let the guy down easy as soon as possible, but I think you should commit to the long game. Get a sex change, and really make the guy's dreams come true.
Make sure to do things with other people like 2 people swinging angles at once because if you do it by yourself then you'll likely die but if you double-peek with a teammate you'll likely get traded (trust me you'll be hearing this more and more the more you play Valorant)
Isn't Iso like ideal for a second entry though? Vulnerable to set up your movement duelist and walk in with focus to get the trade if need be. I will admit that the wall isn't the best however. Ulti can punish vipers with shotties too (in my experience this works more often than not). I dunno, not a lot of people like coordinating in lower elo so it makes his vulnerable worse in the environment where he isn't just strictly worse than like another initiator or controller.
My guess is that it wallbanged through the enemy's Prowler, which is super unfortunate lol
the hitbox of the little step probably made the game think that the flash was behind a wall
Every year an event with a pass and a whole winter themed skin set. This year's it's called winterblessed
No ur good your teamates and enemies is the problem
Yeah, id rather eat for a few days than have cool spinny knives. Oh well, cant have everything in life I guess
Really? It’s to force the Iso to stand still to shoot the orb. The idea is to make players play together so that if someone dies to Iso but takes his shield off their teammate can peek. Iso is forced to either fight the next person without his shield or shoot the orb and then have to reset his crosshair to fight. 

The point is to force Iso to make a choice, but because the average player is stupid they don’t team up to fight him and so it results in free orbs for Iso.
You’d be surprised how a game can turn around when the top frag isn’t a complete asshole to the bottom frags. I always try to encourage bot frags and reassure them it’s okay, because we’ve all been in that position before. Often times they end up doing better because they aren’t getting harassed
Elite shot placement
real answer is sova. He directly helps grab kills for your team with his scans and is able to do chip damage without seeing the enemy with shock darts.

Also, if you wanna be a super cringe sova you can learn how to odin spam and where you can wallbang to get yourself free kills. 

There are even lineups to get you scans to wallbang as well as double shock dart line ups that can net you kills at the beginning of the round.
whole map* and enemies are full flashed 100% of the time while in it
Imagine getting killed by a Kay/o knife when defusing 


While that said Kay/o is like on the other side of the map
Cheating and still can’t beat Scooby Dooby doo 💀
*posts perfectly rendered drawing with more realism than Valorant*

Check out my doodle!
theres a program called decieve that lets you appear offline over all of Riot's games. Google that if you want.
Devs said they didn’t want the sound or much of the gun to be unrecognizable straight away. 

Still feels weird because skins don’t effect the sound of enemy guns but it was their official reasoning IIRC
You are looking for Sova, wanna have an advantage before a gunfight? Throw a dart/drone and reveal the enemy, you know when he peeks, where he is, you can preaim him... Easy stuff.

You wanna clear a corner you know an enemy's at but your aim is cheeks? Shock dart him.

Is there utility you need to destroy from afar/with no line of sight? Shock dart.

Push through smokes? Your utility.

Your team is useful and supportive? Throw darts/drones for them, make their life easier.

You don't reveal anything? Is it a wasted dart? No, you now have the info no enemy is in the big ass zone your dart cleared. Ex. (On defense you reveal mid and no one is shown. Now you know nobody is mid, great.)

It's so hard to screw Sova utility and you can run him on cringe guns with cringe strats like Odin if your aim is not there.
Watching it now, but by just seeing the timestamps on the video, it's hilarious that almost half the video is time stamped as "skins". Really shows their priority.
Its annoying when they ask you to fill in the roles or choose a specific character for sure. Instalocking, ok fine you might like that character but at least dont have the audacity to get mad because we couldnt have all the util you need for you “to work”
Always buy after winning pistol. You are correct. The only time you dont have to buy if you live with a ghost/sheriff and ALL other tms buy. You then just stick with one of them and take their gun. (And then you can buy a rifle round 3 with enough money for round 4)
You can't even take that data too seriously.  You don't know how those players buying the guns are using them, what situation/engagements they are using them in, etc.

I would narrow down the criteria from all levels and ranks.  Balance is always going to look at the highest level for competitive games.
This dude is actually super talented for taking some quote with Lotus in it and making it relevant
"Hey babe could you go to the store and grab a few eggs for me?"

"I have a line up for this!"

He then stops moving and waits 10 minutes staring at you. Then he lunges towards you and you recoil because what the fuck, and in a flash of blue light you hear him say "Fuck my walle-"
in CS every single player needs to know lineups in order to smoke anything or use half your utility. In valorant lineups are a niche part of like 4-5 agents. You can play viper and be effective and helping your team without even knowing a single lineup like sure they help but they're situational
Watching is one thing, understanding is the other.

Understanding is one thing, knowing wich areas are the ones that you need improvement with is the other.

Knowing wich areas are the ones that you need improvement with is one thing, finding a training method for it is the other.

Finding a training method for them is one thing, actually doing it is the other.

Actually doing it is one thing, doing it focused without training bad habits is the other.

Doing it focused without training bad habits is one thing, applying it to a real game is the other.

applying it to a real game is one thing, doing it consistently is the other.

Doing this in one area is one thing, doing it for multiple areas is the other.


You just did the very first thing in that list on repeat. That will do absolutely nothing.

The rest of that list is what you will need to do if you want to improve fast.
Keep your voice down, we're inside
The gun is very expensive and holds two shots. The only reason it feels OP is because it's new and majority of players don't know how to play against it. Yesterday, we won the pistol round and decided to buy 5 Outlaws. We got rushed by pistols and they fucked us up so bad.   


I think the gun is perfect. Strong, but not too strong, changes the meta just enough to disencourage people from buying light shields, but not enough to require a nerf. It's also really fun to use. But if you're good with the Outlaw even when the opponents have full shields, just buy a Marshal. It's cheaper, faster, also kills with two bodyshots or one headshot, doesn't kick like a horse, and doesn't cost a kidney.
What a terrible day to be literate
Probs they just noticed randomly, or maybe someone who decided to queuesnipe you for fun if you know them in some community or smth.

Would be weirder imo if this was an exploit and they wanted to do it specifically to you for whatever reason
Usually not in a position to move their crosshairs away to destroy it and if they are, they’re usually also in a position to camp it
Araxys, still spamming inspect to see those ‘fins’ spread out
Man, stop with this bs 💀 it was stupid when the movie came out and it's stupid now. You're just pushing shit that's never been stated and been heavily implied otherwise. Until it's very directly confirmed by writers (which it won't be unless they have some garbage ulterior pandering motives), Gwen Stacy is not trans or nonbinary

Clove is though, which is sick as fuck. They're a character designed to be nonbinary and I think they are awesome design wise. But stop tryna make that be the identity of a character who clearly doesn't fit it, and then calling people who downvote you transphobic. If I'm being blunt people like you make it a lot harder to support something that is still relatively novel and not widely understood when you do things like that to existing characters
Interesting name
No it's him recently grinding to radiant by run and gunning
You're probably used to getting traded instantly in CS where you play at a high rank. It's wishful thinking in Gold unfortunately. I'd say up until Diamond, try to be less reliant on your team, that's one step.    


\>It also feels like CTs do not aggress in this game.     
They actually should! Just like in CS, in Valorant you need to take space in CT side as well. Otherwise you get stuck inside the site and you'll end up getting overwhelmed by the attackers. Again, you have the right mindset but your teammates probably won't.    


Other than that, you probably already have great aim and general FPS gamesense. Now you just need to improve your map and agent knowledge.   


I'll add a few things as I remember them. Spraying is way less effective. Strafing is slightly different, make sure your bullets go where you want them to. Be more confident in your skills.
Well, still no excuse throwing the game for shits and giggles.
before I ulted I even commed to my duo “oh yeah this guy only has a Bucky? that’s a free kill for me”
"I'm Iron 1" 🗿🗿🗿🗿
Well technically it is an advantage if the skin has lower sound for vandal users.
You can’t use a different gun sound to compare it.
To answer your question, her trips dont actually trip, that's pretty much it.
This some smurfing in iron gameplay
Insert vct team copypasta
Hehe yes what even was the time there was a high quality classic or frenzy skin??
It never worked in csgo anyway.
As an immortal level smoke main who has been playing clove a bit.

I believe that clove is a great character with a powerhouse of a kit.

I have had a lot of fun playing they them so far.
Met a guy in his 60s once. Twitch streamer, his name was something along the lines of gamergrandpattv
There's also *strafepewstrafe*, where you do not stop strafing(called deadzoning). Default is always *pew pew strafe pew pew strafe* then *pew pew pew pew* after a shot connects. If too close(5m) then *pew pew* and *strafe* at the same time, if too far(50m) then *pew strafe pew strafe* is optimal(preferably with ads)
He [parried](https://youtu.be/OoVV1WThyZ8?si=dIUuNTl_QBUdNia3) the spike
that’s what happens when you’re a TO and don’t realize that scheduling a large LAN tournament in the middle of 2 of the biggest qualifiers in North America is a bad idea  🤯🤯🤯🤯
Having fun playing Valorant? Is it legal?
Yeah I know a lot of younger Filipinos have a positive view of Japan which I’d assume is related to their pop culture despite Japan absolutely ravaging the country in WWII
Level doesn't matter. We have lvl 400 irons
Good thing you included the pre round.
Not very relevant to Valorant because counter strafing isn't required in this game. It breaks CS though
I mean, I lost my first Xbox account this way, given it was 20 years ago, but still.
Why does tunnel even exist now? Nobody is peaking tunnel as there’s no threat. And then you removed one of the angles for A attackers? What? Mid changes are great. Everything else not so much. Old breeze was better
Yeah but a cool looking knive needs alot more cash upfront in cs2
Elderflame Vandal. It was school when the game started, but now it’s kinda ass.
Anything to the sonic sensors. Literally worthless ability on a high enough level.
i might have to save up a bit more because it seems more expensive than i thought 😅 will definitely update soon!
valarante child game.... look to cartoon grapfix to make kid player happy like children show.. valarante cartoon world with rainbow unlike counter strike with dark corridorr and raelistic gun.. valarante like playhouse. valarant playor run from csgo fear of dark world and realism
18+ people aren't any better either tbh. Just a different breed of annoyance sometimes.
You hid the sound at the beginning because Raze blast packs to that corner right?
I just want to be able to have skins for specific agents.
Not trash, but no longer as dominant as she once was. Sova and Gekko seem to have gotten more popular after her nerf.
"Give me a corpse" 👒
Nah, his behavior is.... complicated. Besides sticking exclusively with the classic, he also:

- Does pick up enemy's guns and shoot back, albeit doing it poorly.
- Buys guns for teammates. Pretty much the only positive thing he's done.
- Waits for any of us/enemies to die to pick up the gun.

Nonetheless, it's still trolling behavior.
Dgzin, formerly on furia.

Yaboidre was an old pro. Works for riot now iirc.

That might be it for guys who were in tier one.

Probs be more in tier 2-4 around the world
I did a 21 before ,and I saw a mate do a 24,im sure theres higher out there

edit : https://i.imgur.com/ysMSBV7.png   21

https://i.imgur.com/7BHj82i.png  23
Discussion about abuse and specifics aside, it is because the remake system was not designed to be an anti-AFK system. When the remake system was added to VALORANT, its purpose was to remake matches where one or more players never loaded into the match due to something like a crash or slow PC. That is why it only evaluates during the first round.
bet you never played cs,.shit is horrendous
this is what happens when you invite tiktokers lol. they're gonna show clover on grand finals anyway what's the point of getting banned like this
Hide it cause if I have a bad game I just get my rank thrown in my face not that it stops stat tracking sad cases going through it anyway not that I have anything against you if you use stat tracking for your own growth and lineup features but if you use it just to belittle people you play with then you need to get a grip
They said accesories and didn´t include skins, it´s a shame, really worthless if that´s the case
Its a known bug because of astra flying around
This is just not fucking true

It’s Gildan
You only hit clove 3 times, 2 body shot 20+20 then a headshot for 40
If you are playing Brimstone, NEVER immediately drop all 3 smokes unless you need them. In your picture, there are two pairs of 2 smokes that are usually deployed together:

1. A Heaven + A Tree
2. B Market + B CT/Defender

For most cases, these are the only things you need. I'll call them "preset smokes", but you can always improvise!

Instead of asking this question, I encourage you to study the reason behind smoking. If you know the answer, you will know exactly where to smoke all the time, in any map, on any spot. There are 6 main uses of smoking:

1. Blocks players from watching an angle, putting them at disadvantage. Perhaps, an angle is super strong for defenders (like Haven A Site Heaven). Smoking that will remove that advantage.
2. You can also apply disadvantage this way; force your enemies to take disadvantageous fights. For instance, smoking an operator will put them at a severe disadvantage as it is riskier at close range. Also, when someone enters or exits a smoke, their vision will be obscured for a bit. Anyone who does this is ALWAYS at a disadvantage. If A exits a smoke, and someone is B on the other side, then B can see A before A can see B.
3. Deprive enemy of information. If a pathway is smoked, enemy cannot tell for sure whether anyone has passed or not, arousing doubt.
4. Creates a temporary veil around one that acts as a passable "shield". It is hard to take down someone who is hiding in or on the other side of a smoke. You can sneak past open areas with smoke. This can be used to temporarily create a safe space too.
5. Silenced guns also leave no tracers. You can more safely spam through smokes.
6. Merge or minimize unsafe angles. It is always better to expose yourself to as few "unsafe" angles as possible to avoid getting killed in dumb ways. 

That said, let's talk about that middle smoke on A Site. Is it bad? Depends. There are no bad smokes. If that is a smoke you put when your team is executing, then it is most likely a bad smoke as it creates a shield for Defenders, giving them more safe space (2). At the same time, it doesn't really benefit your team at all. What if you put the smoke there because you know someone's playing operator on Hell? Now, that smoke doesn't look as bad anymore. There are other smokes you can deploy to approach this problem, but as you can see, it's on a case by case basis. 

The B stairs smoke, on the other hand, is useful when you are defending inside B site against a potential enemy entering through stairs. This deprives enemy of information of site (3), force enemies to go through the smoke and be disadvantaged (2), and also blocks the enemy from watching that angle (1), thus creating a safe space (4) by minimizing the number of unsafe angles you are exposed to (6). This also works the other way around if you are trying to stop an enemy from exiting B Site. 

So, you see, it's not as complex as you think. Well, obviously this is a lot, but it's actually very simple. You can learn preset smokes and, while doing that, learn the purpose of smokes and improvise.
tell that kid to watch woohoojin guide to gold
Makes sense theres some shadow to it
* Clip 1: If Reyna ults before Omen does, Omen will have no animation to his character in Reyna's "Vision" hence the sort of T-Pose.
* Clip 2: If Reyna ults while Omen is in ult, Omen will have a glitched "hitbox" (I know it's not the actual hitbox but for lack of better word) and keep this until Reyna's ult ends, Omen dies or Reyna dies.
* Clip 3: In custom games, when Cypher enters his camera and then goes in and out of Ghost mode while viewing the camera, the camera will fly through the world and no longer have a hitbox.
* Clip 3 (Second part:): The camera will fire the tracking dart from the glitched camera spot (Bottom in this case).
* Clip 4: Cyphers camera falls through the entire map, even if not used at that moment.
* Clip 5: Another perspective of clip 3.
* Clip 6: (I don't know how this is triggered) with infinite respawn, sometimes when you kill someone they will appear as "dead" but still have the normal hitbox, which is difficult to hit due to it being invisible, also the gun will shoot the bullet from its muzzle but upwards towards the target.
* Clip 7/8/9: The height at which you drop weapons makes the weapon bounce higher or lower.
* Clip 10: If Cyphers tripwire is especially high, the target will sort of hang there and sometimes even get flung upwards.
* Clip 11: First person view of clip 10.
* Clip 12: A sort of room the player can access with ghost mode and walk around in.
* Clip 13: Hiding spot without a kill zone.
Raze mains on their way to die first without trading
Huh, learn something new everyday
I mean that wall is really strong for that exact reason. In no ranked Icebox game are you sitting there breaking 4 layers of wall by yourself lmao. 

You either let it time out, or break it with your team.
Aren't they so this for every region? Like APAC was like that even before franchising.
The reason they don’t get insta banned is because that would allow the devs of the hacks to figure out what hack triggered the ban
aspas with an actually good team would be insane
Level \~100 and bronze, so 200 more levels and I'll reach silver!
id say you ran a good 5 miles
Yeah woohoojin made a video on this exact issue of YouTubers smurfing and using intentionally deranked accounts for content and thus ruining the experience for lower elo players

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSvUjpy0gKc&ab\_channel=Woohoojin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSvUjpy0gKc&ab_channel=Woohoojin)
I played on singapore server and its so so peacefull , ping is the only reason I do not play on there
Valorant open source
Caging off the mid, I realize it now.. 
But how do I even swing with jett?
Aspas is the best atm for sure. I feel like its pretty hard to rank a lot of the players right now since we havent been seeing the different regions against eachother. I would say N4RRATE and f0rsaken are pretty high up too rn. Alfajer and Leo are also always insane players.
They're called wide-set eyes. Plenty of people have them, I don't know if their in-game model has these as well. Liza Minnelli is a fairly famous example of someone who has them, Jackie Kennedy Onassis as well.
rotate simulator
This is the goofiest shit and I love it
1.  prime

2. prime

3. prime

4. prime

5. Blue elderflame
Low key that would be sick. Riot could prob monetize it by making it cost like 5 radiant each level or smth.
unemployment
I hate how the credit price overlaps the gun image. RIOT FIX PLS
Bullying is a refined art, and they have far less practice than us by definition. These kids aren't old enough to have been forged in the fires of XBOX Live.
Yoru can place his tp much higher while being inside of his clone
Ruse can be used after she dies? So she can smoke when she dies?
I don’t think it’s gonna up her playrate that much, just make the neon mains more insufferable
My guess is that they don’t want to encourage people to go for knife kills, since majority of the time it’s better to just use your gun.
no
I am 200% sure OP is lying, he plays on the same server as me(Mumbai server), I have an acc in plat and most plats now were ex diamonds or sometimes ex asc, so OP is indirectly saying that he was hard stuck Silver and now match MVPing against diamonds and ascendants. 

Pretty invalid post, don’t waste your time here.
Maybe some sort of time bomb that degrades their health. And it comes back after a short delay
Send this to @ItsGamerDoc on twitter. He’s an anti cheat dev
Most of the lines sounded very unnatural to most Norwegians, as if it was written in English and directly translated, especially the “Du er tillintetgjort!” at the end. The intonation felt kind of forced and weird aswell, but that does seem to be the case with a lot of Norwegian voice acting unfortunately
When you use your teammates as info in order to get a kill
I saw that you reached Diamond and Ascendant quickly after reaching Plat, any tips for someone who just got into Diamond trying to rank up?
damn that jet is annoying
Make a youtube video of this and see your channel grow. Fucking masterpiece.
"Did you see what I just hit?" "No, I was spectating a teammate, didn't realise you are alive" Happens every time
Raze would be like 5'2"
All these smokes, flash, molly, trickshot, and you choose to fight them fairly
If you’re a duelist, you need to be calling for your util or asking your initiator to control the flow of the game. 

On defense? Stop dry peeking. Ask for a flash, ask for a dart. Want to peek something? Ask for a smoke to isolate a fight. 

Also, understand the best entry pathing depending on the situation. Don’t autopilot and dash into the same spot every time etc
I'm still newbie-ish level, do you mind explaining how he baited his Brim and what he should have done instead, please?
The devs made it clear they would reuse ability’s when the game came out. If not u end up w OW ass charcters abilities you cannot balance around
Are we calling trash behavior memes these days?
Sure did

Hello fellow f1 fan
rarely found good kid  
90 or 95% of them are annoyning as fuck
They can escape after getting a frag that's why they peek confidently
what
Jesse what are you talking about
Computers that use ternary, duh.
Totally agree. I main brimstone and it’s at the point now where seeing a friendly clove is usually a negative smokes for our team.
Dawg you still have to break 4 walls 💀
Fracture. I took a break from Val (really multiplayer games in general) for about 9 months so I missed most of the time Haven has been out of the pool so I don’t miss it all that much. Pearl also hasn’t been out of the pool as long as fracture and I always liked fracture. I love how it forces you to play more tactically than you otherwise would with randoms. I’ve gotten more randoms make and/or listen to play calls on Fracture than probably any other map combined.
yeah agrees considering the prime vandal is so old and the first weapon with a unique reload. it's been 3+ years, how can't you do that for an expensive bundle
actual Chad alert but I KNOW y’all would’ve had much different reactions if you had lost the round 😭😭
Everyone welcome another Gekko player.
I get a surprising number of games where someone suggests something dumb like "hey, wanna go 5 sentinels/smokes/flashes?" and it actually happens. Probably once every 20-30 games. More often in unrated but sometimes in ranked too (high gold/low plat).

Pretty sure my win rate for those games is above average too. Even though people are playing less comfortable picks, something about the silly fun vibes and unpredictable strategy seems to help.
Im sure its frustrating! I don't mind kids playing the game because it is a game for everyone, and I always am nice to them even if they're rude to me 1) I don't want to argue with a kid and 2) maybe if i set a good example it'd get better eventually
Honestly I agree. I feel like riot isn't really talking that much anymore altogether. And I have a hunch it has to do with the new ceo but that may be a stretch.

  
It's painfully obvious valorant is following league's content model 1:1. There have been entire years where certain community requests were completely ignored. And Valorant is pretty much there already. There's nothing exciting about it anymore. It also just had one of the worst acts in its history. But just like league has one rotating game mode, so does Valorant.

  
If the valorant game team stopped following the same game pattern, it could probably refresh the game. But as long as people still spend money on skins and play the game, they have no real incentive to create more game modes or refresh the game in some way.
I really enjoyed his stuff many months ago his guilds were really good to watch, I still recommend them but then he started to grow and over time he started gaining an ego and it really shows in his vods now and makes him so hard to watch and you don't really learn anything from them now cause of how he's changed. So I would recommend his guide like his movement one and thats it.
“Indie”
Yeah you’re probably just bad. Just have fun, maybe that’ll help
No it’s because league skins are tied to champions which you might not get to play every game while every Valorant character uses the same guns. Not justifying it, but explaining why those are different things.
Standard high Elo play, raze is immortal and used the hidden technique of paying riot to mess w the enemy team.
Man that was so unlucky, the match seems pretty close as well
Viper mollies and Sage slow orbs work the same, brim has the same trajectory as those two but his MOLLY! also bounces, so I wouldn’t suggest copying viper lineups unless it lands in a corner
The judge main is toxic I’m shocked
I stopped playing because of rank reset. The game isn’t fun to continually get to a desired rank only to have to do it again and again.

I know why they do it, but it’s pointless in my opinion. The same people who got boosted will be boosted again and it just punishes players for no real reason.

If the system was so good, they wouldn’t care about people not playing who came back because they should be able to quickly detect and drop them in rank/mmr.
Yoru's it's just so fucking cool, I don't even play yoru.
ZmjjKK
They just need to reduce the cool down closer to what it used to be before the nerfs. Going from 5 to 4 stars was a no brainer, but the cool down was over-nerfed.
Brim just doesn’t even answer the phone anymore lol
Nah I played a game yesterday. Was CT looking at b and heard a few take the zip to arcade. Ez win that round
What China’s actually getting is just a version of insights.gg/medal.tv but integrated within the game and Tensent’s other apps. They’re just getting software we have but they don’t.

I would really want an actual replay system in the game though like overwatch’s. Hopefully it won’t take as long as it took them for league…
Deadlock, Harbor, Astra prolly. Deadlock is bad. Astra and harbor are decent but their kits are so hard to get value out of, compared to other controllers.
Right if anything, they beat riot’s rank trap
Tomorrow: please welcome our new partners in AI development
Prime vandal
Honestly??
  I came from Siege where low scoreboard flaming was a CONSTANT.
Even If your top of it due to OBJ playing you get flamed......
I quickly learned to drop that shit.
  If I see someone's doing dogass, I honestly don't care.
I'm playing my game my way, they're doing their thing.
You also keep unused util and have to rebuy shields almost every time as opposed to cs where surviving keeps your gun, armor, and utility and doing means you lose it all.
You really don''t counter strafe in Valorant near as to CS not as much. But the wooting is still a god tier keyboard even without SOCD
Calm down. Not all console players came from PC. Give it time. PC players have been playing Valo for years. It is not even out of beta in console. So just chill bruh
With fade at least you can have info, i Mained breach 2020-2024 and i realized that with Breach you cant clear spots efficiently like Skye with his dog, you cant have info of how much there are in a spot or site like Kay/o or you cant flash many spots with only one flash like Gekko
Boom boom
Jett mains most wet dream
Would be nice to get that message ingame as well...Multiple times even. I don't keep up with the game on twitter or wherever else they said that.
The agent intro point is so true, I only started playing recently but gekkos intro is so sick compared to almost any other agent.
Me going into this comment section, putting my phone on vibrate, and shoving it up my arse
Replication was nice to have when I was a new player because I got exposed to agents abilities way more and was able to focus on one at a time.
no it isn’t. even in the screenshot above the bottom frag is directly to the mvp’s left (out right)
3 smokes at the same time and ult is incredibly strong
Agree! communication is key to win. I play on Singapore server and only i talk rest of my team mates deaf or disabled (they have team vc muted).
Well this is just incorrect. There just aren’t any females that are better than their male counter parts at the moment. Being a pro is much more than having a good game, it requires trust, passion, skill, luck, connections, knowledge and time. 

Plenty of OW pros got accused for cheating and the fact that Geguri got accused only speaks volumes for how good she was. And that is the reason she got signed, not for being female or having huge milkers. She got signed because she was actually one of the best players in the game.
As an Ascendant, I wouldn't say "yea I'm pretty fucking good at the game".

It's all perspective, a bronze will say a gold is good.

A gold will say an ascendant is good

An ascendant will say radiant is good.

A pro would say everyone is trash.
Had one yesterday, a Reyna. Bet your ass they typed 'ez' in all chat. Think they went something like 40-2, and 2nd place got like 13-12

People wonder why the game is dying
There can be some factors that affect these but I feel like this is going to be that 1v1 pistol is going to be a menace.
I’m in a pretty similar situation (as every person with a working life I guess). What I do is keeping ranked games for weekends and only playing chill unrated games to train on my working days. If I happen to not be able to play for several consecutive days well that’s just life and I bear with it, it’s just a game after all and rest is sometimes more important than fun.
The smoke in window is a waste of a smoke. You cant see it through the B main smoke.
Im3 player, never warm up, wake up and queue straight into the game.

90% of the duel u taking is decided on your timing to peek, how u peek, where is your crosshair placement. Not because of aim. Aim is only matter when u get caught off-guard and have to flick as fast as possible.
Jett revive me
Thats crazy 💀 bro got matched up with accounts that basically only die
Duelists are meat to entry for their team. Phoenix, has 2 flashes, a wall, a molly and his ult is literally a second life.

Considering you want to entry on Ascent B, you can molly off CT, Wall off market and cut off sight from stair, flash out your wall, get a pick etc.

Phoenix might not be the easiest agent to entry with but it's certainly not bad, especially his molly and wall which can heal and his ult which is really good for entries. His flashes are almost undodge-able unless you're Buzz.
are you right clicking?
It’s 100% gonna get patched. There’s no way this is intended.
I’m just now getting back into it. Main reason I stopped was I hit immortal and that was my end goal of playing. Having too much fun with other games to want to grind ranked. Took the last 2 episodes off and haven’t really played this act either.
Giving her no cost running while inside her Fast Lane as well as maybe a second dash would do A LOT for her.
He knew he would never be as cool as Leon S. Kennedy and thus, grifting.
He throws his hat at them and then here’s where they are based off the direction of the yelling of “bald”
It's one game, move on. Unless it's a consistent issue just ignore it, can't expect much from randoms.
Frankly, the way people behave in comms unchecked has pushed people away over the years. You reap what you sow
Pretty sure someone bought rank boosting and you got into their place
on paper sure it looks op but when you try to deal with the recoil and how wildly it moves its tough
If the vod captures audio it should pick up him comming.
most iron kj we’ve seen ever
I'm almost positive that everyone except the MVP is randomly placed
lmfao bro got receipts
If it can hit the wire like folks are saying, I wonder if you could updraft or satchel up there and land on it?
Yes and before the removal, at least in my elo (bronze), it was an extremely important point to defend and was often unfortunately not covered.
Can't wait for the fnatic mem to bloom! Sage and Deadlock, the ultimate duo!
There's 1 battle pass that really stood out, with a genuinely good looking karambit as the melee knife (and Riot hadn't gone full tits out on skins at the time yet, when the thing came out it was one of the best melee skins available across the board, full-price bundles included). It's called Velocity if you're curious enough to look it up.

Except for once in a blue moon, expect mostly generic filler reskins. The value really is in player cards, sprays and gun buddies, if you care for them. I don't use sprays but I'm a gun buddy & player card enjoyer. I know they're pointless. Don't be like me.
Did anyone bring a snack?
As a Reyna main Immortal 2 peak who switched to Clove as main agent, I agree with everything you said.

Clove is at least somewhat more helpful to the team than Reyna which is why I changed. Ofc Clove isn't as supportive as other controllers but that's perfect for an aggressive player like me who still wants to help the team.
It was polite of them to wait their turn to fight you!

Nice shots tho
and your complaint being? ttk is zero with headshots. so heals doesn't really matter much
As a sage main, involuntarily baiting teammates by ressing them is really fun. Maybe not good, but fun
The actual reason - player count. The only people playing deadlock as she’s quite niche are the ones that main her, and by proxy, are already good with her. Niche agent with a niche community will always have better stats as there’s less to average, unlike your #824927 clove Reyna jett etc player who ranges from Something to “I’m so drunk I can barely hold my mouse why am I still silver2”
Based on other replies, the brain isn't there or is only programmed to complain and blame anything but itself.
Its a subjective opinion my friend. Calm down
I can open up the sky!
That is purely nasty. I'm stealing it
Shotguns.
Baiting is when you let your teammate go first to get info on where the enemies are.

It's always good when you get the trade (i.e. you killed the shooter of the teammate that you "baited"). It's also good when your teammate is designed to entry (e.g. duelist).

It's bad when you don't get the trade, or you let a Sentinel go in first when you're a Duelist because you're better equipped to go in first.

Keep in mind that even when you get the trade and is therefore "good", you might still get raged at because your teammate is too tilted from dying too many times.
That would actually be really cool simply because of Twisten
one tip i saw that genuinely does seem like magic is that

if you kill someone, you immediately turn around/ look at a direction away from the fight and look for people in that direction
No one checks that corner, works every time :D
Aka spineless weasel rat fucks who should be banned, fixed that second portion for you lol
My read, in Cypher's case, is that the agent is strong being "passive": these complainers feel like they're running into a wall head first and feel helpless against it. Agents that are strong while being active, like Raze, feel less like they're helpless and more like the player using the agent that is very good.

There's also the added fact that it's very hard to put your finger into why that Raze keeps destroying your defenses, but it's very easy to blame Cypher's trapwires and one-way cages as to why your attempt at attacking his site failed.
phantom, obviously
Summary:

Shots 1-5....
Spline dagger, that whole bundle makes me want to vomit
Excuse me?
His dad comes in
I am Prometheus, and you are just a God.
Come watch us miss our shots and do dumb shit! Always gives us a laugh too
You are so right but in some lobbies I prefer to be quiet cuz they can go crazy when they hear a female 😑
Funny enough, Omen is the 2nd most picked agent in the game, which means he’ll get the nerf hammer soon too (Riot will completely ignore buffing Astra and Brimstone and instead nerf Omen)
There's a valorant team in japan, [Matagi Snipers](https://valo2asia.com/meet-matagi-snipers-apacs-first-senior-valorant-team/), with an average age (at the time of the article) of 67, with the oldest being 75.
Can you go invisible on val?
Honestly, and I hate to say it. They’re holding onto that feature to upswell knives in the future. Knives are currently their bundle inflation tactic, and this is valuable future leverage that will keep us smucks coming back for something new and exciting
Plot armor
3 years from now viper ult will be 15 points and it'll still be one of the best in the game.
Play what you want. You got nothing to lose
You'll just make another one. 


Gotta address the underlying problems.
V for ingame
Mouse button for discord
Riot realizes they have over nerfed Skye so 13.0

-All of Skye's animals are equipped with automatic turrets that one tap any enemy in a 30m radius with direct line of sight

-Skye's heal is now able to heal an ally back from the dead

-Skye's flash now flashes through walls and only affects enemies
Vabdal 👍
I think her husband. In her trailer/around the time she was being released the lore hinted towards her looking for someone. She was against Valorant protocol but joined just to look for him.
Idek why people even care too much about aces. Like there's not even a stat that tracks the number of aces you have.
The best part of this clip is the shooting error graph. Good on you!
There was 2 letters before and after "gg"
Oh she knew. She figured if he missed the first few shots that he wasn’t going hit the next one lmao
bro turned off invites to his discord. it's so cooked
Why does your game look like csgo 😭
*looks at league* yeah great question.
proud of you. I hit my peak rank of g1 this past weekend and sent myself right back to s3 within the next two games.
How do you boost on such a high box? :0
You see the 50 jump in screen right as he tp's. Just some visualbug.
lmfao he just fully admitted to account sharing and getting boosted on his discord.
I feel like thats a skill. Knowing when with what time left to send it so you can still be in position. Tp lineups are also a thing but dont work everywhere
In low elo no one plays her cause shes very hard  
And in high elo everyone prefers Omen because 1) you can frag out better 2) astra needs coordination which you have only to a certain point 3) omen meta astra not meta

Some VCT teams run astra on ascent or split, but overall omen is favoured

  
If you want to watch good astra gameplay check out woohoojins PeopleToWatchforeachAgent(PWEA)  
You can find the PWEA sheet on his discord
True. Odin is expensive that's why it makes sense that it should require more util to clear it.
Now imagine if the deadlock had a lineup or threw it behind the attackers......
I like the Judge because I have 20,000+ kills with it and it enables me to play like the crackhead that I am.
yeah play at the same time and same server every day and you'll run into some of the same people for sure
And i instalock cypher to prevent exactly this

I hate flankers 👺
I just wanted to say nice job the first ace always feels the best :)
Yes, I was waiting for the mosh kill.
Omg riot should hire those enemies as bots for the range
My condolences. Sorry you had to find out this way.
The ares sounds and almost shoots like the Odin so on half buy rounds it is frustrating to go up against
It does have huge drawbacks. 

1) its INCREDIBLY loud. You know exactly where he is the moment he uses it. 

2)He loses all peaking advantage since his shield shows up before his character model

3)It breaks on any damage. 1 tick of moly damage breaks it. 

4) you do not run around the entire round with a shield for free. It lasts like 15 seconds.
Aaaand another rant post without tracker 🙄
Im a brim and i like taking spike (linups) but in my elo linups doesnt do shit if your team doesnt have good aim (myself included) and just dies before planting. The only time i was able to plant was with 4 friends (full lobbies) so we can comunicate and not be dumbasses
i even used my backup luck
No idea what you're talking about.  Get your mind out the gutter.
only being good vs rushes and in post plants is a very bad place to be as a sentinel or even as a  general agent. 

Post plant requires you to actually plant - and she’d have to be extremely broken there to make up for the fact that another agent would often get you into site with extra players 

Rushes are something other sentinels can actually do as well and they can also control space and hold multiple areas of the map without having to hard hold an angle. she just isn’t good
i can see why people hate it but to me its a very fun map, mid is very annoying tho
Tbh I play ranked because the games are a lot closer and better balanced than casual. 

Don't really care about which rank I am but it can be nice when you see you improve as a player.
try looking at the reaction time of pros, you'll see why
I've basically made it a habit to switch to my Q after I hit a marshal shot and miss the head

101 + 55 is ez kill
You don’t aim with it, you unleash the mighty twenty rounds of doom into your opponent that is hopefully not more than five meters away because you really can’t afford to miss a single bullet since you need all twenty headshots to kill someone
Thx for the tip, hope they never change it
Clove higher, viper lower, neon lower considering they are beginners. 
Omen lower compared to clove because of the simplicity in smoking.
Somehow I only get the nice fellas in swift, and always some meanie in comp/unrated :(
Well you didn’t actually answer your own question. But i love it
has to be iron judging from you trying to jump the fade ult lmaooo. but nice ace
As a silver player, I am indeed stupid
honestly no one is where theyre supposed to be 💀
“Stay outta the fire, superhighway level tip to remember, yeah?” -said by a throwing Phoenix as he mollies the whole team
Best buff he could have gotten would be the ability to stop his wall like Harbor
Yeah. For killing light armor opponents based on the damage numbers. Should be interesting.
#4 is the main reason i switched. I one trick Yoru and there’s lots of run n gun when peeking off his flash. Also when u tp in an enemies face
Aim no brain isnt a lurker, its someone who relies on consistently winning fights with pure aim allne
Kayo gets to knife you for 8 seconds every 10 seconds
Im very happy that Fnatic won the match, on one hand cause Im a FNC Fan and on the other hand it avoided a lot of drame regarding this rocket
personally, I hated grinding back up to D3. Stuck with gold/plat lobbies which, imo are even harder then diamond lobbies. I find in diamond people at least use coms, in gold/plat they don't
Had a girl moan everything she said plus she waa using a uwu-voice. It was uncomfortable and it's weird to imagine a grown ass woman sitting alimente by herself and moaning in a game voice chat...
Starting a youtube channel with content like, "this 9 year old can beat you in valorant" might be a good start.
I am not going to shit on people humor in the game or be toxic, but it’s very annoying or cringe when it’s done during a round. Let me concentrate and use actual coms. Do it before the round if you want
In a game like valorant this is going to make at least one person not want to talk to you lmao 

Sadly people suck 

Just pick two animals and put in the chat “penguins or elephants” 

Don’t say anything else besides coms (where people are and what people are doing) 

Don’t hindsight com (after the round being critical of teammates) 

And It you do need to correct something ask 

“Hey can we pressure b heaven this round” 

Instead of “why did you leave b heaven open gekko”
I’ve rewatched it 5 times just to wrap my head around it
I didn't say woohoojins videos stopped being informative and helpful, I was talking about how Jollz's used to be. My point was that seems to be the route these content creators end up going because they become more concerned about what brings in the most views. If you enjoy his content as is, that's great and obviously you're the kind of demographic he's been aiming towards.
You know someone is the GOAT when everyone calls him "Unkillable Demon King".
I personally dont have an issue with the length or recharge of her smokes but i do find her other abilities less dynamic, especially since the gravwell nerf. Like sure, the stun went from 'basically completely worthless' to 'sometimes okay', but the grav well went from 'genuinely a very good ability' to 'i'm not sure this is even close to worth the effort'

the gravwell nerf should be reverted and maybe the triggerability delay reduced? Adding a star may just make her broken again.
Gi-gi-gi-gi-gi-give me a gi-gi-give me a corpse!
Yes he could have just cut it. But it's even more interesting that way.
XD I like watching clips like these from other games players perspectives. Similar could be said about a league fight near baron pit spectated by a rocket league player. This just seems kinda natural to us but overwhelming for others who don’t play the game
Nice clip, why are they a pussy tho?😂
This is the way
That's what the devs also mentioned in a blog.
I have been playing Valorant and grinding hard to reach Radiant, getting closer now. Currently I'm silver 3.
Average fan fiction writer
Honestly it’s the games where you bot frag and teammates are super supportive that feel the worst. Just cuss me out. I deserve it lmao
If it can be done, do it. Shitty players complain, decent players counter.
32 no kids and I'm not good.  It is fun though
She's pretty accessible for those looking into playing controllers for the first time, I think that's one of the many reasons why her pick rate is high
mine is backseat gamers, they don’t know when to shut up even if you’re clutching the round. they don’t let you enjoy the game. so annoying
Ask for util, be confident with clearing and swinging.
>Why TF we will get banned , it's a big that shouldn't be in game in the first place.


I had this argument 2 weeks ago on this sub and it's funny.

You will get banned because that's what Riot says. It's not me making the rules, it's them. 

>Player is taking advantage of whatever is provided to him within limits certified by riot

It's a game-breaking Bug, something you're not supposed to do. That's all, chill the hell up.
Cock and ball scanner for breach obv
The ascendant Jett in my ranked lobby
I always thought she should have up to 3 stars but they should regenerate over time.
Seeing as it’s fade who killed you, I’m guessing you got seized for her Q?
I'd refund that damn Glitch pop Vandal, first skin, first mistake
attacking is hard without proper communication so generally speaking, defending is indeed much easier in low elo
LMAO
Kayo is a big one for me, he has some of the highest value you can get with a agent if mastered. His flashes are amazing. But I cant stand playing with him and I have trouble fragging.
What are you waiting for ? Do something !
If you feel defeated when a teammate picks a certain agent you should stop playing competitive. That's not the right mentality to have and you're most likely one of the problems. Even if you're not outright toxic it can bleed through into your gameplay/calls.
NA servers? A lot of people with family's and social lives are probably watching the super bowl which makes the rest of the sad and alone people to que with
This has happened to me before, too. Ulted with Raze while using her satchels and it just pulled out her pistol. Didn't click on 2, nor do I ever have my finger on the scroll wheel.
nah i think this is applicable to adults as well, esp to those who are lonely af irl.
Immortal. I just run around swinging every fight. The point of the DM is to warmup my aim and reaction times. It also helps warm up cross hair placement.
Dude is graphing out the enemy team on the X Y axis'
I think you misunderstood the point. You're not baiting attackers who are currently planting the bomb, but you could be baiting attackers who are trying to hold site against a retake when there is a man advantage. 

If you have a man advantage (e.g. 5v4, 5v3) then you want to play with your team to increase the chances of successfully trading every death and therefore successfully converting the round.

If you are playing against specific retake ultimates, are down in numbers, or have successfully run a fake that will delay a significant enough amount of time to guarantee that your lineups will win the round, THEN it's okay to play for lineups.
Thanks for correcting mate!
When you TP aggressively with Omen and see the enemy shooting at where you used to be, and then looking around confused like "where tf did he go"

^(This comment was brought to you by the Gold elo gang.)
So we have all heard that trick which allows Omen to change the travel speed of his Paranoia by either running forwards or backwards while casting it. You arte essentially adding or removing momentum from the ability's base speed, allowing you to vary it roughly between 15 and 25 meters per second respectively.   


However, I have found that there is not limit to how much you can alter it. As shown in the video, you can remove ALL MOMENTUM AND STOP IT IN ITS TRACKS. If you drop from even higher it goes in the opposite direction even, and the distance travelled doesn't change. In fact, if it's timed just right, you can make an infinitely long flash.  


The spooky audio effect stops after some five seconds, probably because the developpers didn't expect it to last that long lol.
You give it back, but the Jett should buy you a rifle to replace the gun you gave.
Smurfing isn’t a bannable offense even if you admit to it in chat. That’s why it’s not a selectable report category. It’s only bannable if they can prove you’re intentionally throwing/deranking to sink lower. That’s the bad part in riots eyes. 

So yeah, it is allowed and also is a part of any competitive game tbh. Especially free games.
Its not meta but something from PRX has made Reyna Harbor look pretty legit
Yeah That's extra bad, but even the ground slide is very menacing for me. I'm kind of a piss low and I don't click head hard, which mean any half decent Neon forces me to give up the BP when she's running at me if I don't play Cypher
Yes I guess so. Riot often did that in the past and its totally udnerstandable.
When you’re trying to run out of the blast zone, look at your minimap. If the spike is outside your sound circle then you’re in the clear

I love fucking with people spectating me. I’ll look at my minimap for this, and look towards the blast zone. Watching the black come at me and stopping right in front of me sometimes fucks with the people spectating me
They've been releasing sleek sci-fi-ish Vandals non-stop, it's like they know I'm vulnerable to this shit.
This is not a hit on you, but people in gold be playing like this and complaining about smurfing is wild, I thought this was bronze
Someone explain wat do when 1v1 deadlock ult
alright, guess you know the game more than i do
This clip gives you everything, insaine shot, comedy relief, victory and tragedy
00:00  
Reyna: Help! Ugh I'm dead dude.

00:06  
Raze: OH! (laughter ensues)

00:21  
Breach: One at market.

00:24  
Breach: I got no ammo.

00:28  
Raze: I can't--- (unintelligible noises)

00:38  
Brimstone: I'm muting you, you're getting on my nerves.


Fin
This is 100% a staged custom game lol
To add to this - if you lose round 2 and they went eco, while you full bought, you should go eco/half buy round 3 and full buy round 4 (full skills + rifle + heavy shields, so if you can't afford half buy in round 3 - don't).

If you win as eco round 2 vs full buy and grab their guns, now you can possibly play bonus round against them round 3 without buying.
This skin line is gonna cost a fortune isn't it?
As a bystander: sick ace!

Playing against OP: fuck this guy
lesten up ya muckers
"FIRE IN THE HOLE!" Followed by a satchel sound close by gives me nightmares.
Surprisingly I've won more iso ults with classic than rifles
145 from the sheriff is 3x worse than 140 with the phantom. Way tougher to headshot from that far with a sheriff, and it's tougher to follow up with a body shot since the slower rate of fire and needing to be more accurate compared to spraying with phantom. 

And even though 140 and 145 are pretty much identical from a game sense, being 5 away feels like even more robbery. They might as well make it 149 just to make it the biggest fuck you possible.
“you want to play? let’s play.”

i actually don’t want to play! thanks :)
The map team did say something about doing another dev diary update in the summer, so I’m going to guess they’ll add Pearl back with some changes after the tier 1 pro circuit ends. Pearl B site was pretty problematic for postplants
Love the /ff at the end
hell nah just saw the leaks, its 9900vp💀
I main Neon and sometimes, on Fracture, I’ll have ult on round 2. It’s wild
Big bro you lost him at "play contact" he's a beginner who plays reyna he doesn't know what that is lmao
HAHHAHAHA
my favorite was the soulstrife bundle that released AFTER Halloween this year. and then the battle pass had Halloween-themed things at the end of the pass, so pretty much no one could attain them in time for Halloween. Riot needs to hire some outside consultants to tighten their shit. or maybe they just don't care because their margins are so fat thanks to insanely priced skins
OH and post-nerf when I was solo anchoring and they hit my site. I frantically waited for my counter to get back up to 20 only to realize, yet again, what they'd done to my baby. 

I'm honestly inclined to believe the nerfs were not done in good faith. I don't get the whole "Well she's sentinel controller hybrid" reasoning because all other sentinels can recall their placed util, without walking over to pick it up. 

If I were to sum it up, 1 or 2 nerfs might have made sense but all 3 at once (smoke time, non-recall orb, 1 molly) just feels like they're trying to bury her. I get she had high pick rates in pro play but I'm just some guy in Bronze who enjoyed throwing my orb around and shee
Sage can revive dead people, isn't that better than clove, that can just keep herself alive?

Ir is there a limit to sages revive?
Imo it just needs to do 125 and it's chill
>that should let riot know that some maps (breeze, sunset) need changes

They already gather this info based on dodge rate.
You took the words right out of my mouth!
Playing soloQ is how you learn the game
Not a hot take.  The only people who think sage or Skye are healers are low elo or have never played the game before.  This isn't OW, there is no "healing" class.  Posts or people talking about them as such on Reddit are always people who know nothing about the game.
Exactly, I can get more twitch views if I’m cool lol
I (M40) still play, and I'm still having fun.

I know some younger people (20-25, some even younger), and I still love playing with them. Usually, I joke about my age and that they should respect their elders, or that I could be their father.

As long as you're having fun, there is no "too old to play".
Use your util. That’s it, that’s LITERALLY all you need to get out of Bronze.  
I have 3 friends in Bronze and I have to BEG them to use util every round, they’re too frugal with it, spend the damn money, use the damn abilities.  
2nd step is learning when and how to use it, but you learn that by using it.  
I’d suggest playing someone with good util no Reyna or anything for a while.
Nah cuz 19 out of 20 games I play are atleast 8-13
Ngl abyss doesn't look like it's a comp map. Mid is a mess way to many angles. Elevation is crazy...its more of an overwatch map than an Val map.
So is Omen the guy from fracture who lost the key card?
East African country, Canada, Chile, Argentina, Germany (Germany, cuz as a German, I can not relate at all. And her Voice Actor is supposed to be German, but she does not really sound German D:)
Post this in the CS sub and we will crucify you, and banish you to play Val for all of eternity.
**COME**
The only person who managed to live it was in the sage slow too, bit ironic.
Genuinely a very good tip, often I’ll just keep spraying at an angle I got a kill on and someone will just walk into the bullets and die when they try to trade, most people playing this game are just autopiloting and get caught off guard sometimes by stuff like that
I've been ulted by Iso when I had a judge (I need to pay attention to ults lol) like 3/4 times, I only lost 1. They are max 2 shot against a judge and you kill them exactly like in the video. 

Ascendant 3/immortal 1 lobbies
It’s a deagle because it corresponds to the deagle in terms of stats and role in cs. Its actual model is more or less a revolver, but there isn’t a revolver in cs.
Where is the 18 min long video... I was expecting an 18 min long video. I'm disappointed...
Its a bug
Nice! I didn't thought about using Iso that way.
If any studio can pull this off it’s Riot but man, even CS flopped on console. Tac shooters are so utterly different from every other kind of shooter on console, even something nominally similar like Siege. The playerbases will have to be 100% segregated and if the console base doesn’t take off it could flame out quickly.

Hopefully they make it work though. This game and world deserves as much love as possible.
Haha I would’ve loved to be a fly on the wall during that game, the Omen sounds very mature and mentally strong, he should make youtube videos  😂
I'm lucky I managed to get a key. I have all the time in the world thanks to quarantine
As someone who plays Neon, yes. Cypher will destroy her as much as he already does, but if a good Neon player can match into a team with Cypher or KJ, she can completly take over the game. Her attack side is now scary where if you get hit by any util (including her stun) she can kill you. Her defence is better now as she can rotate for days.
This is nuts, this sub and valorant about to go crazy! a polished free to play shooter dropping
Ah, so Raze was able to get there unnoticed, because of the all util and gunfire. I think I'll go with this reasoning!
There's definitely still some there, going by the glowing crates on the spike sites. Must be enough to warrant an attack? Also I don't think it's a spike explosion in the cinematic seeing as spike explosions don't seem to cause anything quite that catastrophic- just steals radianite and sucks the life out of ya.
It looks like a dev got shit on by a fake flash
Deadlock yes its just a bad agent rn but Harbor is really good and is even played in T1
T3xture and Meteor legit disappeared in that final half of Icebox. Zellsis and Sacy must've gotten their superpowers. Fantastic series.
U have to go to agents selection and choose the one u like then activate contract

Agent selection in menu
You could start by not calling your girlfriend "brainless" in any context. Respectfully.
The spray in the end was funny
Hm. Good point! Valorant must be a louder minority about this topic.
If skye’s outfit doesnt immediately give u “Nature woman” idk what to tell you man. And her kit’s visuals make that theme even more obvious. Breach’s character design on his own is nothing special but the robo arms and his explosive kit and wall based gimmick give him a clear demolition theme. Brimstone’s entire schtick is that he’s generic soldier man so yeah it all works.

My issue with Deadlock is that her outfit is a generic heavy jacket with no clear visual motifs with some tactical pants and a scarf. Is she a techie? A hunter? I don’t know. Her outfit feels rugged and outdoorsy but her arm and all of her kit is super refined and high-tech. Her ult is clearly thread and spider imagery but she has a “net” grenade but she also has…hardlight walls? And a sound based trap? I just don’t understand what she’s supposed to be which is very out of place in Valorant, most characters are very heavy handed in theme.
Never ask a valorant player why his clip ends with 4k
Not as goated as your username ♥️
But seriously thank you!! This comment got me smiling
> really worthless if that´s the case

Disagree on that, there are *so* many sprays/banners from old BPs worth getting. 

OTOH unless you have no skins, there's probably less than 5 from old BPs that would be worth buying, mainly knives. Pretty sure >95% of old BP skins would go completely ignored.
I think Split and Lotus are actually tied for longest since they both came in E6A1. How time flies.
Chamber????? He is literally the easiest agent in the game. 

Place tp behind you before you push or at choke points

Buy pocket guardian

Place tp
My guess would be similar to how kj ult and omen ult interact maybe? Idk to be honest
It looks like the entire skull got shrunk *and* the cross ended up misaligned tbh
Anyone who blames their teammates for holding them back already gave you the reason they are hard stuck.
From a guy who’s been playing fade lately, the trip buff (more specifically the inability to break them without destroying the edges) is annoying. My team finds out a cypher sets up one site and immediately calls rotate WAYYYYYYYYYY too often

But i guess that’s what riot wants, so they definitely did their job in making him stronger
If I pretty much feel like I can sit in a corner and nothing would change, so if I am the one carrying I would hardly notice it. 

Random example I had recently: on spike rush, I got 2/1/0 because by the time I reached my team the enemies were pretty much all dead. The top frag guy didn’t even realize, he genuinely thought I was just bad and was so confused I was KDA positive even tho I had just a few kills. I imagine on ranked is even harder to realize since the matches are longer
But that's not the point of a TACTICAL shooter. Like this map comes down to aimlabs. 

Here's the problem with this map: there are just too many angles to clear. Defence has no chance. 

Halls is the most brain-dead concept in the game. Even in pro play it simply doesn't deliver. Icebox produces banger matches atleast. 

The only notable breeze match is PRX fpx which was soo fucking scrappy. 

Not to mention the val devs were brain-dead when they made this map. Mfs just mixed Mirage and Cobblestone without even understanding how either of them worked. And completely ran out of ideas in mid.
I think he meant one of those to say ult reveals location
Your mother
Asc2 with 0 hours on aimlab, just play
If this happens we should also rename the sub to counter strike for the day
i mean run and gunning is luck i wouldnt expect you to hit those everytime

whiffing shotguns is pretty normal

whiffing a jett dash isnt exactly an aim thing HAHA
mission status: fucking sick
The skills to carry out of low ranks and the skills to stay at mid ranks are not the same. Aim helps you climb, game sense helps you stay. If you win 90% of aim duels you will climb out of low elo since gamesense is less meaningful since your teammates won't do the right play and youll just get baited. If you only win 30% of duels in mid elo but you can cover the other 20% of fights with game sense such as trading, Intel, and util usage to help your carry then you stay at that rank. Op doesn't have the aim to get himself out of silver, where it's more important than game sense, but his game sense is good enough to keep him in plat. Same applies to dota but with lane phase instead of duels
Maybe it's save no buy ?
Yoru and omen I play pretty similarly, both using deception with flashes and teleports
I noticed the super weird personality switch between his Radiant era on his tracker where he played duelist and the post radiant era where he just sunk to low immortal on controller. I found this by searching the leaderboards, that first point I posted. Also his gameplay just isn't radiant level lol.
I play it anyway, it's not like you want to run Brim from site to site to smoke both anyway.
clearly you haven't played much brim because brimstone is perfectly capable of getting a mad amount of kills on his own.
Reyna is the worst most boring hero in the game. They have needed to change her kit for years. The thing she is best at though? Making smurfs even better at smurfing
That's because the answer is a yes and a no.

Normal 1v1? No. Round ends when you die.

1v1 as attacker with spike down? Yes because whilist the spike is planted the round doesn't end with your death.

1v1 as defender with spike down? No, because as a defender you must live to defuse thus round ends when you die.
Because he's a Venezuelan trillionaire
Omg that Reyna messed up so badly
my friends xd it’s because theyve got 400+ fps so they couldn’t relate at all 😭
Omen goofed up
That kayo kill was personal lmao
Lack of impact frags or baiting is generally what this means my dude
I remember someone saying that low elo lurkers love to lurk because they are afraid of fights and want to shoot the enemy in the back while high elo lurkers love to fight and take their 50/50s

I mean if it works, it works.

But at some point your enemies will be able to read patterns and shoot back (meaning that you will have to work on your shooting at some point IF you want to climb)
Pretty weird for me too cause I saw the streamers use the Kuronami knife, and it looks so cool, but first impressions and actually me using them is just... no. I see someone else use that knife, it's cool, but it's just... not for me? Like not something I would want to see the entire game, if that makes sense?

In my case, I don't regret buying my knives, but I do have my preferences and one favorite (Araxys knife that nobody seems to use). If it's any consolation, if you weren't going to use the Xerofang knife, you would have used something else more often.
Yeah breach should have a 12 point ultimate.
You we're the bait
I just tested this in range, and it seems like there's a hitbox to me. I made a video and posted it [here](https://www.reddit.com/user/dreamvalo/comments/1dl38q2/knife_hitbox/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web3x&utm_name=web3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button), my crosshair didn't seem like it needed to be on the bot itself?
i wasnt flexing lol. if anything im agreeing with OP here
Strafe, burst, strafe, burst.
You're standing still making you an easier target especially when they crouch and spam and your burst timing is way too off, as shown in the video the recoil did not reset because you are shooting too fast
Jett: *kill someone* whoops

Sage: and I took that personally
The hot mic bug shall be missed~
Probably neo frontier. I only have its sheriff but its the only bundle where I like all the weapons.

The sheriff's inspect animation
Scout's equip animation
Phantom's reload
 Odin's sound's are all amazing
Never understood why they can’t implement it in the game themselves instead having ppl use a third party app that could get them banned.
I like to write close game when winning with huge advantage.
Feels like it's overdue... likely as a way to force greater variety in gun guys. 

Currently, folks are buying Vandals/Phantoms with light/no shield on eco... so we never see the mid-cost guns. In higher elo you might see Outlaws pulled out to check the light-shield, but lower elo will likely stay the same... someone who is likely to miss their shots isn't going to buy a gun with two in the chamber
Least delusional Silver player:
That jumping guardian headshot on that omen...oof
It's not a long-term solution to the actual problem, but I've known ppl using some discrete voice changers for these kind of things. You might wanna give it a try if it's really bothering you.
Give me OG gun camera Cypher and I’ll be happy.
If it were one then it wouldn't make sense as in why Reyna would die after dismiss
Aim 100%. Can make the best play in the world but if you can’t land your shots it doesn’t matter
amazon, on prime day they have 20% off so you can get $100 worth for $80. Other way is you make turkish/ukranian account buy tons of vp (since its like 40-50% cheaper than the other regions) and you move it to your region through support.
The funny truth is technically it does.
It doesn't work because even that is a stupid idea. Even if they're coming back they're still guaranteed missing 2 of the most important rounds in the match.
I genuinely hve no idea which agent this is (I'm new to the game so yeah)
cs doesnt have a lot of them tho. 

however gunning down someone sometimes feels good.
49-48 second transition you got timing
Bro there are spots u can stay looking at several openings around you. A really good one is garage window on haven. Just switch between b, c, ct, and garage. Others would be like mid breeze or short bind
Astra's astral form is coded as a minion
i usually do it when an enemy fails a 1vX clutch on the last guy
Ngl im rarely a spiteful person but im kinda glad. He’s turned so bitter and condescending recently and it’s annoying. Also I watch his streams and the things he MAKES his viewers do for VOD reviews he often doesn’t do such as pre round comms.

Also random but the fact he makes his chat use /j and /s just seems like such a dickhead thing for some reason
Wtf omen doing ?!!!!
Irregardless of game balance, I think nerfing her movement would suck the fun out of her character, I'd rather they just took away her boombot and she had no third ability than change her satchels
"Look your enemies in the eyes. It helps with accuracy"

Keep your sens low and aim high. Good luck.
Hold aggressive angle and have a higher chance of killing one and tping out.
An ace is when a player kills each enemy player at least once. because the phoenix killed everyone (including the guy that got resed before he was resed), he killed everyone and aced.
I’m don’t think they even knew which is why it’s gone :(
Do not need to counter strafe like CS. In Valorant you can just let off the key!
Oh nice! I love all the detective work we get to do with these teasers and stuff.
The most important rule in val is: if your teammate is last alive and trying to clutch, don't make a fucking sound. (Unless they've proven they don't have a headset on, then give callouts like coming from left/behind/wtv) if you do and they lose you're 100% getting bitched out 
-I got bitched out
Is it better to stick to one role or be able to play multiple?
Im gonna be honest, i dont think i've ever seen someone say they missed breeze besides like 2 ppl
Bro stared deep in raze's eyes and said " go ahead "
sacy body lotion he sprayed on his teammates

(it's vipers decay effect)
It also expands backstory for Gekko: the big bear is of similar origin to Gekko’s creatures
Just play the game you can't literally do nothing about it. Trolling might slow him boosting his brother but it would be unfair to the other 2 players in the team that did nothing wrong. Next game the smurf might be in the enemy team, take that free win and move on.
Since the base MS is slower in val, the op feels good for holding angles but terrible for playing aggressively (peeking angles while scoped, no scoping, moving around scoped similar go s1mple) like in CS. The rescope and rechamber speed are decreased compared to CS as well. 

Partially why when chamber was S tier, his ultimate got a huge nerf. His OP was very similar to a CS AWP.
That sage has no honor
Wait lol you already have 70 hours on console? Hasn’t it only been out for a week or two. I thought I was playing too much with 20 hours.
and also that my ult is not ready
If he made his own cheat menu or a program that is distributed to very limited people like a expensive paid cheat then vanguard will have hard time banning him automatically only a dev can ban him like if he get queued with a riot employee or maybe this post could’ve get him banned if you’ve maybe shared his name.
Basically buying an OP is great if you get value. It's "trolling" if you don't get value as you're messing up the econ and potentially giving it to the enemy.

Can only assume you didn't get enough value with it to start with and your teammates got salty.
Yeah this
3 fo them lined up and no one wanted to shoot the flash lmaoo
That's when you start aiming for the body.
Kuronami Vandal
He thinks every game is like apex for sure lmao if he got worst rank 5 stacking he is already dead wrong
I would never realize it happened due to this small dodge lol.
[deleted]
As a sent main, felt
Tarik’s “Smurf” account is still immortal at least.
The fact that they lost a 4v1 because of this and also lost the game is just salt in the wound
Sova bisexual asf for saying “I love you all”
He is too sensitive and bans people too fast all the time tbh. Nothing against the content but his attitude towards viewers is pretty terrible a lot of the time.
Combined with the fraud rank this just paints a grim picture of him as a person.
You care about their personality wth
How’s it a bug? You can see his ass cheeks hanging out of the ult
Why do you think it occurred? Bad mental? Low circulation to hands? I know you said your body felt tired... long day? Bad sleep?

Just curious. I've been trying to work on consistency lately... good sleep, good pre-round rituals, good posture all helped.
Same with the Phoenix ult, went through it and it stayed once it finished
Absolutely not! I'm not too sure how long you've been playing this game but oh my lord, do not do that plz. 

For sentinels you should most definitely buy their util and maybe a shield. 

I honestly think that the only characters, that this strat would be good on, are duelists and maybe even a Initiator where you will want to buy a bit of util + a pistol. 

Don't make your pistol choices based on which one you have skins for, it's a bit stupid (I hope that wasn't too mean lol)
spectre is totally pointless tbh it’s not bad just pointless
Making the orb (poison cloud) non-retrievable alone would remove her as a solo smoke agent.
Odin tip LOL. You can crouch spray while moving and it's accurate. You can start spraying while moving around corners and mow people down.
I don't really car about it, teamvibes are more important imo. I rather have everyone performing well anf having fun, then having someone underperforming and throwing.

One rule though, if you insta-lock, don't complain about other people's picks.
if only my recon util wasnt getting broken and this dude didnt have the spray control of a radiant player but good advice anyway
I think it's more similar to Jett smoke, and Phoenix & Neon wall in terms how Riot wants enemies to treat it. It's already not lasting that long so they don't want to spoon feed people regarding its duration
Yoru 100 percent.
Australians love casual racism so that explains it
it's not really replays, but a recording software built into the client that you can save your own gameplay footage from
No 💀 way 💀 that's 💀 crazy 💀 bro 💀
the Reyna, Phoenix, Jett, Chamber and Yoru were the best
“When the spike explodes, the C4 planted under the keyboard goes off. Just like in game, try to stay out of the blast radius”
which team won?
The whole team in awe at the same time is great too haha! Unreal clutch
It's a good idea in theory, but considering how downbad valorant players are for rr the game will always just be 4v4 (1 player each team dcs) so it's impossible to lose rr
Casual valorant cringe machines
It's pretty common for it to dominate those 2 or 3 rounds after pistol each half, but the rest of the game it doesn't see as much usage from my experience.
maybe it was really easy, need to listen to both sides first
Yeah it’s whack, don’t know what they did but I’m getting put in lobbies with people that have no clue what they’re doing
He also says "I know what you're thinking AIMBOT!!" when he gets an ace
It’s unrated so yeah nothing to do with you. They’re just fucking around
Why was he going for right clicks? Hold left click till Fade is dead. It’s the same number of hits for both mouse buttons if you are attacking anywhere but from behind.
So you have no experience in high elo. As mentioned, in higher ranks it gets better. Turns out being a toxi,squeaky little boy with 0 frustration tolerance doesn’t get you far in a competitive environment
Sadly most if not all competitive games are littered with toxicity(usually because of their ego). I usually just ignore it but its still anoying to have a 12 year old yelling in my ear when i dont have a 5.0 kd. Not everyone is like that tho and its all dependent on who you que up with.
Invisible agent confirmed. They are walking straight toward the drone in this clip.
gold 2 u right lmao
As far as I know Clove got her powers in childhood.  Based on the 2WORLDS music video where we see a younger Clove in a fetal position crying, and older Clove wipes the tears. My theory (this is REALLY far out there)? They tried to kill themselves.
I’ve had people in my lobbies throw because they couldn’t get it
No Love for KAY/O!? REALLY GUYS?

"NO ONE WALKS AWAY!" is such a raw line, and 
"YOU. ARE. POWERLESS!" is pretty badass too, considering that KAY/O was literally designed to KILL Radiants! More love for my beloved Toaster Boi!
He showers with fire. He’s probably more hygienic than anyone else on the team considering most bacteria are unable to survive in high heat. 
Does it also do the same for enemy? Or does enemy guaranteed get 150
I always appreciate support when that happens to me. They do need to be called out, otherwise they are enabled in a way.  Reporting won't do on its own if the community is tolerant towards it regardless of the report system.
Random number generation
Kind of clickbait, he was alr retired, he didn't retire due to the coip resurfacing
This. Usually solo queuers are nice but I found that when people are stacked together they bring out the worst in some. Specially teenagers. 

Mute is your friend. Forget comms if they are abusing it. Mute text mute voice and as long as you are still playing to win you'll be fine.
Cool clip, but I don't understand this obsession with these titles.

This is the 67th one this week.
If you are gold you always buy after winning first round. There can be cases like saving a sherrif from first round and playing for a teamates gun, boosting in turn your economy by being able to buy a rifle 3rd round with the enemy teams full buy.

But dont do that in gold. You can start learning this shit when you are like high plat/diamond. Now just learn the very basics of economy, buy and save with the team and youll be fine.
I've never understood this mentality and I don't think I will ever undertand it either. Why do people think that getting mad at a gun, instead of learning how to counter it, is the right way to rank up. -_-
They also released one where a redditor blocked a bullet with his gun (may be misremembering the play.
Getting rid of the tunnel was the biggest rework fumble ever
You mains 2 sova’s
I don't think that's the problem OP talks about. I felt it too when I began playing. Having to wait 20 levels is totally OK. But having to go up to level 20 by playing unrated and playing against the most blatant smurfs the game ever hosted or find yourself against people level 345 is just stupid. They will run over you every round. You won't learn how to play the game if you can't play it at all as you're destroyed into oblivion as soon as you try to enter or hold a site. This level 20 thing is totally OK, but there should be a matchmaking where you play against other <20 level players. Cause in the state of the game you can't have fun until you reach level 20 and FINALLY can enter ranked games where you'll play against people (well at least most of the time or more often than in unrated) who are approximately your level. And then you can have fun.
That's a real gatekeeping in the game and imo a very bad mechanic, which would extremely simply be corrected by putting a good matchmaking system in unrated.
Gold 2
You don’t suck, your movement sucks. Most frequent complaints of being one tapped is when you swing blind into a person. Who hears your loud footsteps and just killed 2 of your teammates from the same angle thus having his crosshair aimed exactly where ur at. 

If their crosshair placement is good, throw it off. 

Jump peeks, jiggle peeks, wide swings, pre-firing. Learn when to do each and you’ll hit like plat for sure.
He sucks to fight
DEEP FRIED
5 minutes for top 500 players is blazing fast
idk who told you fps doesnt matter lmao. it does but subjectively. 60 or more is likr necessary competitively. 60 is a minimum imo. now fps doesnt matter when your monitor cant display the frames. monitor refresh rate (hertz) is also cery important. i used to play on a fluctuating 10-80 fps laptop whej i was just starting. i was hardstuck iron lmao. few years later im radiant on a pc that runs 120-180ish but only a 60 hertz monitor, so theoretically im only seeing 60fps. if i can do it you can to. 🤷‍♀️
I hover dia/asc w a full time job and 3 kids i play at most like 5 - 6 games biweekly.. so id argue you can be a complete casual and be there.
Nah bro this is just domain swap
Average sen fan
you could make the entire map a bit wider, like stretch it top/bottom. that way, you could add more smaller passages. or extend the top side of A/bottom side of B for more entry points.
Holy shit
Fade's coz it can be used for any situation useful for both team support and personal use
They removed the restrictions because people cried they couldnt queue with their friends and for some reason they couldn't go to unrated (because why not play ranked with your iron and radiant friend, right? Makes perfect sense). If they insist on catering to these idiots that despise unrated at least make the penalty scaling up to 99%. You shouldn't be able to rank past diamond by 5 stacking with irons. 
Agree and is probably my biggest piece of advice for low elo. Delete that crap. What advantage does it give you? It doesn’t. You’re all the same elo with the same potential. I’ve seen a 1-16 cypher ace to win a tied game and I’ve seen a 32-4 Jett whiff an entire mag. 

All tracker does is give you preconceived notions. Like you said. “Oh their Jett is cracked gg. Oh my sage has a negative kd gg.” Nevermind that Jett has had teammates that W key with her or that sage is the master of B hold and just dies a lot on retake.
I literally had a cheater on my team in swift play yesterday. Swift play.
one taps are one bullet with one tap of you mouse.
Crazy new jett buff
Riot: "Thank you for your feedback, we hear you! to resolve this issue we have included the original animation in the new skin for the Outlaw, you're welcome!"
Add Jett knives being out of bounds on the empty part of the map by the bridge. Seriously annoying as she gets smaller and smaller the further she drifts away from the map. They should fix the boundaries so you die earlier when falling.
Lots of shotguns and cipher players fs
I would like to inform my teammates that we're going C
That game is old af and does not apply to this conversation
The cypher card looks nice tho justice for cypher.
the only ones I get frustrated with are lotus and sunset. I miss icebox :(
Youd be surprised at how shitty cheaters are even with walls
Hate cypher for this… as bronze player… always get caught 🤣🤣🤣
I was looking for this
To be fair, you could start winning rounds if you adjust the placement of your walls. That’s entirely possible especially on Split.
The problem is it depends how much aim and brain are present in "aim no brain". The people saying ascendant - you need at least some amount of brain, or a very high amount of aim.

"No brain" might mean "I know the meta, I know roughly how this map is played and my role in it" to some... to others, it might mean "I don't know all the agents' abilities, I don't know how the map is played or my role in the map, I don't know how to use utility properly". The former - ascendant, sure... but the latter? Gold.
Wow, that's actually like really high wth. I believe it tbh, because a lot of iron bronze smurfs can be beaten just by out-smarting them. They ofc still win ofc because they can still solo all of us in gunfights
It's genuinely really hard to not just say stuff when you know comms are coming out less than 24 hours later
During the game, the server sends small pieces of data(packets) that have information of enemy positioning that gets stored in your RAM, cheat software work by reading the same piece of data and programming an aimbot.

Riot Vanguard anti-cheat is hence a kernel level software, meaning it starts running very close to when your computer starts, so, it can detect when anyone runs a program that reads from the same memory location.

It's like if there are multiple people in line at a buffet, but your Windows and riot anti-cheat are at the front of the line, and hence take their needed items from the food tray, since there is still food on the plate, Riot Vanguard then continually keeps looking behind, in the line to see if anyone else is also taking the same item, and classifies them as a cheat software


Afaik, there are still problems, as yes, the anti-cheat cannot detect things that are in front of it, accurately, this type of cheating is what seems to have been targeted this time around, but I'll need to research more
It's really good for executes and retakes, but I dont think the rest of his kit is good enough to make him viable in pro play. He's pretty good in ranked from what I've seen
Nu fucking uh
Yea my sherrif doesn't do that
And if you don’t have a KJ/Chamber to put util on it, especially at higher ranks, the mid lurks get heavily abused. You basically have to get someone to push up past the Viper orb mid to ensure you don’t get lurked on, otherwise you have to face check tube, mid boiler area, and orange to clear the lurk. I think in pro play it’s the only (?) map to consistently have two sentinels (KJ Sage, although Sage not as consistently anymore) played on it along with a Viper.
Reynas as well
Testicular!
Unless your mousepad is the size of a peanut for the love of god cut your sens by AT LEAST 50%

Im assuming you don't the hand precision of a surgeon so I'm having doubts you can actually aim with that
"One bullet per enemy, that should be enough yes?"
what rank is this lol. I love when people lose games to throws like that
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
holy, putting the intentional in inting. the willingness to run into cypher trips after watching several of your teammates die to them, jeez
Thank you so much ☺️ 

It took me multiple times to get the makeup right 🥹 And honestly, I still want to improve as I go!
Reyna plays the exact same on pretty much every map so I'd say she's the least "map dependent" despite not being the top pick on any map. People are saying Jett but I find she can be very map dependent same as Raze.
"Where is he??.....I'm alone"   
Us bro, us
It’s just like having all champions vandal skins and still sucking at aiming :)
Are there many voice lines that reference the agents real names? I know viper has “I’m coming for you Sabine!” If there’s a viper on the other team. I also swore I heard one where someone calls KJ Klara (maybe it was Fade). I could be wrong tho
Immortal here. As a controller sometimes i d'ont buy after winning pistol (on attacker side) so i can lurk without giving them a weapon if I die. Because people tends to over rotate in eco.
Thank you guys for the replies.   He just turned 16.  Not even sure how long he's been playing. I've been trying to read up on here and watching some YT videos just to learn and see what it's all about.
CS is "easy" to get into because the premise is pretty basic, but Val is much much easier to learn the basic mechanics and how to use the abilities
Aaah, I get it 🤣 but spend 3 months playing a game just because you want to beat some girl that doesn't give a crap about you is wild.
Actually this is a good idea in my opinion. Nice
Anyone who’s going site with the team bar the duelist id say. It’s very situational. There is no set “spike taker” besides Gekko. If I’m playing KJ I’m probably not taking spike because I want to lurk. If I’m omen I’m probably lurking or playing aggressive with my TP
by this logic, immortals are failed radiants, and diamonds are failed ascendants, i think people should just let people climb at their own paces and be proud of whatever rank they have
That’s what I was going to ask you because you have great crosshair placement and I guess you could just look up the lineups on YouTube since they are really easy to learn
Tbh this act map rotations are the worst maps ever !
I just can't enjoy playing valorant without Haven map

Talking about bind, idk why tf that map exists

Missing pearl fracture and Haven 🥹

The only good maps in this act are ascent and icebox (sometimes sunset)
You play Bucky like a mag-7
I do not have any technical issues and hard stuck silver for more than 2 acts. I just suck!!!
Most agents have colours to make them pop out, but I feel like her transformation is darker and thus harder to immediately spot.
>Projectile Jump Throw Normalization

>We have implemented a feature to make jump throw lineup behavior more consistently reproducible. If you press the throw projectile input within 100 ms of jump start, the projectile will consistently have the same amount of velocity imparted from the thrower and as a result land consistently in the same location.

>Most existing jump throw lineups should still behave as they have in the past while being more consistent in output. **In some cases, some minor adjustments may need to be made.**

General reminder for people to verify their lineups moving forward.
At least make "hidden MMR" seen like how they do in RL if you're going to have hidden MMR. this game placed me silver 3 after ending Plat 3 last season and now i'm being placed against diamonds and low ascendants as a fucking Gold player queuing with low plats? What? how does that make any fucking sense??? Why the fuck am I going against enemies in the rank i SHOULD BE if you're not going to put me in that rank?? it is so stupid and frustrating.
Vietnam. We got 2 Chinese, a Japanese, a Korean, and a philpino. It has to be coming soon, right?
I don't see how Riot deviated much from the usual Live Service approach. There's no such "ecosystem". A lot of these games under Live Service have a roadmap thus giving you that illusion they're always working on something. That is until they don't. 

Most of these shooters have had their time under the sun and the most recent fad of BRs is now declining. 

The only real game-changer that Riot brings to the table is a good anticheat but that in itself being a kernel-level one is something a lot of players do not want.
...do you just run through Viper mollies? That's insane. It is very strong at stopping pushes, especially with orb.
Name it different lmao
This is not at all surprising. The idea that someone who peaked at 773 RR would struggle in Ascendant just because they played a different class always seemed very odd to me. If you have the aim to compete at a good level in Radiant, you can easily get past Ascendant mostly on aim and game sense.
A lot of already good players cheat just to be a tiny bit better but without trying as hard. Like Olympics athletes taking illegal enhancement. Hence why it’s insufferable in low immo.
“When holding an angle, hold your crosshair out wide so you can react to a swing easier.”

Remembered that info mid-game, and i went from bottom-frag to mid-frag
A few times is ok, when u do it every round it gets annoying
After the reveal that he was using another account to mask as immortal, his view ratings plummeted. So he started getting anxious to make content and make up for the lost viewership by putting in more time and effort and consequentlt burned himself out. Said his mental health was being affected and he couldnt even go enjoy a friends wedding without thinking about how he could be streaming or making content, so hes letting go of YT as a profession and only gonna be doing stuff for fun when he feels like it again, apart from keeping his coachees.
^^^ right now it feels like iso’s shield gives him a major advantage in any engagement. Being able to safely crack his shield with util would provide a counterplay atleast
damn, that sounds hella cool. wish my school had something like that. might have to transfer just for the Valorant scene lol
It works for me in immortal also LMAO

People just don't expect it (although I doubt a shorty works, Bucky and judge definitely do)
That's what comp is for. Matching you with your skill level
Stinger is busted. Hipfire burst 3 shots at head and strafe , repeat until dead. Absurdly cheap and super strong for its price
I've been maining her since before her buff. Best tips I can give. 

Sonic Sensors: 
Almost always save them for when you take site and use them for defensive play. Hold your angles to get the kills off of them. I never use them for flanks unless I'm there watching the flank for the trade. I always pick them up and move them to where I think a gun fights gonna happen. My mindset is that if they're set off, a kill needs to come from it. If I know someone's around a corner, I throw it in front of them to bait out a shot and swing off it.

Gravnet: 
Mostly save it for stopping rushes. Team rushes or single individual rushes. If I trap them, I don't always rush for the kill. Treat it like them faking a spike. You know where they are when they take it out, just play with that postitioning depending on the rounds clock. Kills don't matter. Wins do. 

Barrier Mesh:
Throw it down at locations where only the big orb is visible from enemy angles. Even if it allows the enemy team to push onto the site a bit. A lot of the time, enemies just push up thinking it's a dumb wall and peak corners trying to get killed even though they can't fully get onto site. Just play it like her sonic traps. Always play off it. DON'T TREAT IT LIKE A SAGE WALL. If the enemy is shooting at it, shoot back. Even if it's just a jiggle peak and one shot just to distract. Keep her wall up as long as possible. 

My overall mindset is to treat all of her utility as if they are individual spikes. Place it in a defendable "post plant" location, play close to it, and play time. 

Hope this makes sense. It's mainly me rambling.
Theres a keybind for clutch mute, you could try using it if teammates dont stay quiet during a clutch.
A “win OP duel” button is pretty sick, only way you aren’t getting the kill is if you’re fighting a jett or chamber who are ready to dip.
iirc someone did it and the cost of the bundle goes down until the bundle was just the knife and the literal discount for buying the bundle is getting the knife for free
£0.00
Bad smokers nullify good smokers. And there are a ton of bad smokers.
Omen but you'll still need to learn viper for breeze and icebox
I doubt people are doing it because of it but in pro-play it has become rather common for a team to buy 2 oe 3 rifles on the second round with the leftover people on pistols which can often mean that the "bonus" round ends up being a full-buy round for your team.
Yes, exactly, it does cause a weird issue where some people get the map more often since it's dodged more.
It's not really a lineup when it explodes after 1.1 seconds. You're going to have to be pretty damn close to whatever area you're trying to hit. It's basic geometry that anyone should be able to do lol
Idk but I think a²+b²=c2 .
lol you should go back to play Val then
meanwhile every radiant is saying how bad it is and much preferring guardian over it
I am surprised that out of 195 countries in the world, agents only come from less than 20 countries. Why can't it be more?
axaxa yoru the gigachad saying that
It would make a difference because more often than not, Reynas smurfing get away with the healing because there is no trade in low elo, so you have to face the Reyna with 150 hp three times.
1 frame out of 165 frames
People will say: Hidden MMR: You will still face the same people as before so everything is great and this is to push down boosted people that won't be able to climb again.  


I will say: I was Dia1 before the reset and now I face up to Asc3 people and there IS a skill gap so hidden MMR not working for me in that regard.
I love when people shout "4 BULLETS!" or "TO YOUR LEFT!" in a 1v4. And they do the classic "no headset" "I told you" comm afterwards. I don't know what you want me to do bruv, there's 7 guys coming at my ass, calm down.
100%

Hard to learn, and even if you're a good Astra you need team coordination to maximize your impact . In short, best leave it for pros or 5 stacks
Does this mean I won't have to see a comment in every thread telling me to watch his videos now?
Bot on a mission
Nah it's possible to silently jump
I got back the vp thank you so much
So glad they nerfed Skye to bring other initiators into the light. In my opinion there was absolutely nothing fun about Skye. I don't wanna dog, heal, and plant the entire game and not shoot my gun.   I peaked Asc 2 solo quing Skye half the time and never enjoyed it once.
Some monitors actually have in-built crosshairs you can customise that not many people know about. 
Runs in the background and pretty much overlays over the screen.
lmao did the whole lobby moan?
Talk as a girl? That gets people on mics pretty quick.
that’s what really confuses me about this post, their bio calls them a “young immortal” and it also seems like Clove became immortal relatively recently because they’re not even sure if they’ve been aging
Damn Sapphire knife + 3K collat. Might have used all of your remaining luck for the year
Hitting iron 1 all the way from bronze feels so bad but then you get that game and drop 45+ kills and feel like a Smurf
Good clutch, but I low-key started wheezing whenever it took you three full mousepad swipes just to turn around.

Maybe up that sensitivity, lmao.
I THINK They were walking up to get the kill. Raze and Clove both walked from A. RaZe nade set off the trap and ruined the surprise. What really baffles me is the Phoenix ULT in the open...
What? Does it kill both of you after an arbitrary time limit?
Lol, it’ll take her like 6 months to a year of regularly playing to be half good.

Just like it did everyone else.
Reyna and Jett players are the most toxic characters from my experience. The nicest people have been viper and harbor to me anyways
Am I tripping or are Reyna orbs not supposed to dissapear in this new update?
I swear I ONLY get the hot mic bug when I’m critiquing someone. The game waits for me to complain
Nothing. I'm happy with just picking up skins off the ground whenever possible. Many rounds I have one without spending anything.
If you have the time to consistently play 2-3 matches a day, even Immortal is easily possible. I play on average 2 games a day and am D2.
Why? U can still fake flash
Lore-accurate Jett
If nobody dies in iso ult then it will eventually kill you both.
It’s not about it being high ground. Nest is also high ground but what makes it nest is its isolation, it’s a small area up in the air isolated in some way. I’m not saying this like it’s a fact, but I’m pretty sure heaven is only called heaven when it’s not in the middle of site and also has a lower part called hell. Otherwise it’s called something else, like tower, nest, rafters, etc
Iso doesn't seem arrogant like yoru to me though. He's generally respectful to his elders and just seem to be a workaholic (to get things done)
It's rough out there for cypher mains.

If your teammates don't trust your set up it basically completely negates the character.
I have an Alt account in Immortal. I have no “proof” that it’s me except for being able to log into it. I have no reason to hide this account though. I just don’t understand why he’s hiding this “private Radiant account. He’s trying to be a victim here
It'll be a combination of reactions and game sense / macro play.

They know exactly what's head height, how the player models move and they also know each other to an extent. If you played highly competitive games against someone for a while, you'll start picking up what they're good at and begin to plan for it.
Bingo, left handedness is the main reason I do that, it just feels more comfortable that way
What riot needs to do it take reports of trolling more serious. Intentionally deranking is hard, and you have to afk, feed, troll many many games to tank your MMR. After a few reports of this, these players need to be banned from competitive queue for a while.
I'd say Ascendant. Top ~8% so definitely can't say Ascendants are bad at the game. Even statistically it would feel weird saying Top 8% isn't a high category. 

For context I'm Immortal 2 (~Top 0.6%).
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Especially in low ranks where comms are not great, you will pick up so much useful info
No, it's not exaggerated. If anything it sounds a bit like someone trying to speak more clearly than they normally do so that people would understand them better.
2 reasons why you should take early map control on defense. 

1. Attacker utility is always more valuable than defender utility. If you force your opponents to use utility to reclear a space, they either won't have it for a site execute, or will have to wait for it to refresh before executing. 

2. If you can take the space and get a teammate positioned where they can hold a deep angle into that area of the map, your team can stack towards the rest of the map. 

Also for Sunset A main specifically, having A main makes  it much easier to defend, otherwise its hard to hold A due to their being 2 lanes into sight, meaning the one person on site likely has to play retake, or 2 people have to stay on site, one holding each lane.
Most of the time his teammates are nearby and sometimes the round ends before you can get to it.
(ignore the user flair)
I think understand what you're getting at. You're viewing this from a gameplay consistency standpoint, right? And not so much from a balancing standpoint? If so, I also agree. Please correct me if I'm wrong.
Yeah that's how it works with kayo as well, she retains the combat stim effect of her ult since its abilities that are cancelled not buffs applied by abilities
I wish i had your problems, i suck in DMs and suck at everything else
Are you sitting in a corner off angle commonly?
i thought kj turrets were part of the map
Yes, unrated is such a thing. Some want to have them in unrated so they can at least play the maps in a normal mode, others don't want to play a "useless" map while practicing for competitive.
It takes 1-2 min to find other 9 players for my comp games. So I would say it's really not dying.
it’s a sales tactic, it’s never going away
All 5 of them alive and no one spams the spike.
Change your game, you'll have way more fun. Play Elden Ring.
We need to inform lol's developers right now !?
If one more teammate has 3.5k and buys outlaw + full shield vs enemies with 9k I will lose my mind.
I like spamming through smokes, makes my opponents have to put sone respect on my util
Imagine riot devs werent butthurt about people streching resolution. I used to play true strech but after playing 1920x1080 in diffrent games my muscle memory was messed up so i stopped playing 4:3 in valorant aswell
don't you worry, they will nerf him into irrelevancy next if he takes just a fraction of Viper's spot
You're not going to be playing any agent correctly when you're a beginner, that's kind of what being beginner means. I think sage is not a great character for beginners because too often people will play passively and focus on being a "healer" instead of aggressivly taking gunfights and building up your valorant fundamentals. You'll also have assholes like that guy who expect you to follow them around like a puppy in case they get a booboo. My go to recommendation is Phoenix for easy to use molle, flash, and ult. You're not going to be using the wall very well for a bit because new players don't understand smokes like at all, but it's another source of healing if you need it.
It will definitely help catch cheaters.

Help players learn their mistakes, or learn the other team's tactics.

Content creators can use it to create higher quality videos.
Astra can manipulate stars. That's pretty OP and she's def the most powerful overall

KAY/O is probably the most skilled as a machine built for war against radiants

Fade also earns a mention as being able to nearly beat six agents at once without even using any guns and was only stopped by KAY/O
I honestly have played a lot of Reyna, and unless I am mistaken my heal doesn't stop exactly when I'm shot per se. As others have said there is a slight delay, and I'll get like 10-20 healing out of it first sometimes. Ping probably comes into play with this.
aww
New gun has gotta be a phantom or another vandal (probably unlikely). If it’s any other gun they won’t sell the same amount of bundles as previous years, they might not even get close to the amount unless of course the knife is something crazy and insane
I mean, they did say precise GUNPLAY, not precise abilities lol
differences between each rank and region are very noticeable even when they are close. so it all depends. economy management is big problem in lower ranks you don't only have to beg for a drop but you have to scream at the guy with a Bucky to request a vandal just to buy him
i have a few things:

- Rework the shop, we have too many skins and you should not wait for 6+ months for a skin to show up  
- Rework [Night.Market](http://Night.Market), too many low tier skins and no skins from the last 2 acts is so mid and it takes away from the excitement  
- Option to show up as offline/busy, sometimes i just wanna chill  
- Phone verification for comp, the amount of smurf/boosted account posts i have seen here should be enough of a reason to implement this system  
- Statistics tab, this is not necessary but would be cool, imagine it to be like the overwatch one where you could filter you stats per agent, weapon, map or sides  
- Equipping different Skins for attack and defense  
- Make the menu for sprays, playercards, gunbuddies and even skins less chaotic  
- More updates for the range, there was a time where Fade, cypher and brim were chilling in the range. Since then they havent updated it sadly  
- More communication with the community, i feel like that has been decreasing a lot in the last year  
- Queue while youre in the range
I believe you need to find a duo or some friends to queue up with, having just one extra person can really help your mental and give you some more info. Also saying hello or just some introduction stuff in agent select of buy phase can be more welcoming for people to talk.
Ain’t no way phoenix was fake cloning
Imagine looking at a car whizzing right past you, compared to a plane flying past hogh up in the sky. The car covers ground much faster in your eyes even though the plane's actual travel speed is higher. You can also think of it as objects getting smaller when they're far away, so the ground covered is also less.
I'm just not really a fan of how the balance team skirts around the issue for a few patches before gutting the agent entirely. They did this with chamber, skye, and now viper.
It is really funny to play against yoru. It is so weird, either you guys are 200 iq players or 10 iq players. There is no inbetween.
Bro why did you have to word it like this?
Pink overdrive.
There should already be a server called Galorants that does the same thing; but never hurts to have more im sure.
I dont understand how is it even a debate. If smurfing was okay , we might as well just get rid of matchmaking with ranks and MMR and just queue with random players.
I think a lot of people are missing the point here: there is no market for skins on valorant. They ARE high in the perspective that you cannot resell your skins, and that's where the line is drawn between counter strike and valorant. The reason why skins are expensive in CS is because they have demand which drives prices up, along with rarity that is attributed with the items themselves. Valorant lacks both of these things, as anyone has the option to purchase these skins, and have zero market demand. The money that goes into valorant skins is money that will permanently remain as pixels on a screen, whereas in CS you have the ability to transform those pixels back to cash in hand.
Just spawned gets headshot on the face
Everyday, 80% of the matches in plat/dia
real.
but how, the account might have risk to get ban and those buyer actually can play by themselves,even the account career won't look good
If that man get in love everytime he joke around in game with a female he gon have a sad life. Eventually he will understand that relationships involve feelings and knowledge of the person and will stop act like that. It's seems harsh but It's how I see it, find an excuse and play invisible for a month, at some point he will forget you and you can delete him.
Kerambit reaver. Its just default knife
Yoru
Bro just stole his thanks
No map rotation, so I think I'll take this season off to catch up on my backlog. I can't stand any more icebox or breeze at this point


>... I vow that I will not ... 3. Try my very hardest with this team

Iso doesn't have to try just pop the shield on round start
Fully reloaded Vandal- high stress situation. Left side is a skin and right side is the spike. You chose left. Would be funny If I didn't have teammates like that before
It doesn't matter if you die or not, she still says the voiceline, even if you don't buy stars in first round
me play iso. me get 4K. me ult last person. me die. very good.
they group the bot accounts in one lobby as to not affect other players.

riot thoguht you were a bot essentially
Hottest agent tho
Nope its the Turkish version of ding
“Marked 5!” is music to my ears.
And let her pick up her traps after the round starts like every other sentinel
Imo fun satchel but just satcheling on top of tube is more practical
Whenever my friends and I see an ulted cypher we yell “HE’S BALD”
Are we just going to ignore OP's massive dong?
Bro a Caitlyn Op would go HARD
In addition to the other comment, Cypher implies that he saw Nora/his kids in the afterlife, right when Sage rezes him.
That last second clutch literally made my heart fall out of my ass
god rest his soul.
why was it so timed with the music
No no his name definitely stands for the International Standards Organization ^/^s
I don’t think there is a radiant with 60% or higher headshot percentage. Definitely cheating
A good odin player has timing and would wait for an angle if you are attempting to enter, with bullets ready. They would only wall spam and run out of bullets if they're confident you can't enter their safe zone.

Only counter is good crosshair placement and aim.
gaia’s vengeance
A pro player got 34k acs in a ranked game because of this bug. Also gave a super negative damage delta for some reason (overflow maybe). 

https://twitter.com/Slandyyyy/status/1673899659847163904
Why is iso getting sexually assulted in the lore
Odin/Ares meta inbound. Sova mains will rise!!
That's a revolver? Also what skinline?
MMR does exist in Unrated but it's extremely loose and barely matters. Sadly, if you want a competitive experience in a competitive shooter, you will have to play Competitive.
The way they handle this in Overwatch is perfect and Riot should just copy it. Remake is triggered automatically without any voting required and if someone leaves mid-game and doesn't come back after 2 minutes you can leave without any queue penalty (still lose RR but you get to leave early).

Playing a man down is honestly the worst experience ever and no game should force anyone to play through it.
This is what people mean when they say all aim no brain lol. Even pro players who are much better at headshots than you and I, know when to go for body shots. I saw in a vct match the other day a pro hold an angle with an operator at body level and not head. These things make a difference.
Lmg meta rise up
That ress was hmmmmmm
Cinematic is actually unplayable because of it now /s
i don't think he's getting a kuronami operator
I honestly have no idea. I have an OLED monitor and the colors are clean af when I play, but all the recordings come out looking like this somehow.
Obviously they won't drop the tracker lol
Yes, that is true. 5 stacks only play against 5 stacks. He's probably talking about having 2 separate ranks. So somebody can't 5 stack with Irons and end up Radiant (with all the solos/duos/trios).
Brother hasn’t learned about lying lmao
You could buy several games for the price of a bundle, it's fair to say what you want about it. It's rare to see them make something "new" most of the current bundles that get released look so similar with an insane price tag.
yup, if I'm confused at what to play looking at the agent selections screen, i find myself clicking on gekko in last seconds. he does everything.
Imagine ISO ulting in 5v1, just that ur ACE doesn't get stolen...
Anything that upsets edaters is the morally correct thing to do
While I do support the notion of the protest. It would be better not using Reddit at all, that is. Everyone stops using it permanently.
Everytime you peek an angle, visualise that an enemy WILL be there, not that they "might".

Also helps to move off angles you are holding briefly and repeek them if you feel your focus waver.
Should've been an outlaw instead of marshal, more incentive to buy
Honestly yesterday i can't even complain about my team yesterday i had two games i went 10/21 10/25 after those i went off cuz i was so shit lmao
You just said in a really round about way that if you kill someone with a gun, you get an ult point.
Either my settings on PC are set to dirt or I am too oblivious to what goes on around me, I've never seen that before!
So what I saw was a bug thanks for clarifying
He has the classic I know more than everyone syndrome. Except he's not actually good enough to be in the elo where he can actually implement those starts so now he's perma tilted because his teammates don't play to his "standards"
certified Tiananmen moment(idk what it means)
Someone doesn’t know how to rotate out lol
my teammates giving up after losing the first three rounds
lmfao 3-10 and just dumping the mag some of these clips have been hilarious. Like reliving the beta.
The difference is not throwing free rounds and stealing one round a game, ascendants that don’t lose 11-13 get to immortal and beyond.

Also don’t discredit individual stats and combat score, if you are losing 18rr and winning 16rr those few points here and there really make a difference.
Arm movement is healthier for sure
I’ll take a 4K and a round win in my low-ass elo any day.
Btw phoenix is from the UK
Same.. its weird that they dont say that in the description. I feel a bit scammed
Man, we really need replays
Cypher with weird cams and oneways, cages + cam needle wastes like 20 seconds and you still have to kill him
There is no problem with Reyna
Ekko in Valorant? Pog
I have a 2 loss streak limit, if I lose 2 in a row I am good for that session.
Blud forgot games are supposed to be fun
didn't we get to this point though because every other eco weapon has been nerfed into the ground? stinger, spectre, bucky, judge, and ares all have gotten significant nerfs over the games lifespan. what's the point if we just add another broken eco weapon that they're gonna nerf later lol
Hardware ban.
"Guys let's not go B we dont have anything to break Cypher setup"

*Goes A, wins the round, then line back up B*
I’ve only a couple of hours with the game so far but I’ve actually left all the controller settings as they are and it’s so fucking nice!
400 in valo is not much
For Deadlock sensor - this is a trap not a trip (especially leaving it to "watch flank")
the result of a lack of parental attention
Toasters' Broken
I think this "mistake" lies more in the experience how you can take site faster. Yes low elo can be painfully slow or have really bad timing but they don't even know what to do so they can't even do that faster. Perfecting taking site or rushing takes effort
This exactly

This is a third of the reason I only stick to cypher ; if I pick another character most of my skins don't go with it
I started recently, a little older than you. I play Brimstone because I like his attitude as a old man. Today I said something in party chat and one of the kids ran up to me and asked "why do you sound like your character?"
Reminds me of the time a teamate binded the shoot button to the same button as throwing away the gun, so everytime he shot he tossed the gun. He was good so he onetapped everybody but it was kinda funny
I think it might be a ping thing, OP dashed in their POV but that info might've reached late to the server and the Deadlock ult info may have reached earlier due to better ping.
Go to death Match and practice strafing. Don't shoot back until your opponent misses a shot. You'll be able to induce whiffs on a bronze opponent
idk why people are saying weak smokes? She’s the only controller in the game that has lost death impact. I’m averaging 3 smokes a game with an 87% win rate because my overall impact is insane. She has a 2% higher win rate overall after REYNA. She is definitely gon aa get nerfed and if riot is smart it’s gonna be her CDs.
I feel like hes balanced now, like b4 one fade dog and hes whole setup was just dead😂
but muh polite japanese peopleses :((((
Maybe give an visual indicator when aiming stun? The hardest part about neon for me is stun feels really inconsistent to aim compared to Raze and Duelist abilities which are very easy to get value from. 
Non smoke main trying to play smokes
Recently I had a game where someone yelled at me for blocking them into a gekko Molly when I myself was running from it, This was a chamber…
Piggy backing off of this: because there’s no mid the outer extremities are the most important part to control on attack and defense (bath and long). 

On defense you wanna make sure attackers can’t enter through bath, because controlling that as a defender makes taking site for attackers next to useless (they can’t plant because of the threat of bath, and they can’t take bath site because of the threat of rotates from defender spawn). Controlling long is the same: they can’t plant cause of your threat from long, and can’t take back site cause of defender rotate through spawn. Likewise it completely cuts off the attacker’s ability to teleport effectively. 

On attack controlling bath is huge cause you can control who peaks your default plant on defender side, and same with controlling long. 

This isn’t ALWAYS necessary, but making sure teams don’t just freely control it works in your favor almost every time.
Swedish here, but Stockholm is filled with Russians since they dont have their own server. And playing with Russians as most people know is the fucking worst, so im on London/Frankfurt/Paris even if it means 40 more ping, just because Stockholm is Ruski fucking purgatory.
This is due to the fact that he is unfit for military due to serious underlying medical conditions. Happy or sad? Hard to say
Those two are the most versatile with the phantom being a bit more versatile. It can't one tap full armor at long range but it gives that up for way more versatility in other ranges and situations
“Accidentally”
Altitude vandal goated
I have PTSD from children in my games
Except if you’re the only one on that site
My mom spawned him when I was 6. Weird stuff but he's chill ig.
Wouldn’t worry about it, the reality is you’ll be playing against the same sort of players you normally play against. Riots resets are not harsh on valorant per episode, they’re almost as soft as the act resets. You’re incentivised to grind due to an artificial placement that is usually lower than where you finished last episode. If you finished d3 & place gold3, you’re not ruining gold players games for a few days, you’re playing Vs other d3s who ended up in g3. The hidden rank/ rating stays the same across episodes & you can just tracker your matches to see where everyone was at before the reset to confirm this
Correction: barrier sentinel > trip sentinel

Barrier sentinels have the best util to stop retakes so it's best that they do their setups then plant the spike
I unbound crouch for a looong time to break the habit. It definitely worked and helped my aim. Just try it out
Ikr, imagine a tier zero initiator got nerf how could they
I would have two Ferraris if they were 2000$
streamsnipe someone and pay $150 to them as a sorry
But then half of the player base wouldn’t be able to find a match since they would have the other half blacklisted
The fact there are only 10 maps (not counting the smaller ones) and they take out 3 for so long is honestly so stupid. I get the map pool variation is related to VCT, map prep and new-comers learning curve, but c’mon… Just put the map pool on Premier and stop limiting us to this stale piece of garbage pool
Not to mention the shit battle pass
Similar to yours but a full team Killjoy lockdown. When she says "Got them alllll." Definitely top tier
If viper has received nothing for nerfs since 2.09 and *still* winds up having the highest pick rate in a tournament, the issue isn’t her being too strong: it’s that there’s no alternative.

Harbor has a different, albeit similarly strong role on attack, but is absolutely useless on defense as his slows are nothing more than a mild inconvenience. Maybe if he slowed you by 40% for one or two seconds after you pass through his wall he could provide some competition, but as of now, Viper’s the only wall controller that’s useful on both halves.
I was confused after watching it the first time. I can't imagine how Raze felt lol
Ni Hao
it was KAY-O who pointed that out, not KJ.
he's coping, clearly he's nowhere near good enough to hit radiant
Just keep getting better i suppose, only you can tell where are your weaknesses
You dont stand still while aiming, you stand still while shooting
All good, ty!
I think that starting the conversation expecting her to function like Cypher and Killjoy to watch flanks is already starting on the wrong foot.

Phoenix and Neon are two different kinds of Duelist. Sova and Breach are two different kinds of Initiator. Omen and Viper are two different kinds of Controller. Deadlock too, is a different kind of Sentinel.
Agent 08 was banished from the Valorant Protocol a long time ago and is not in the game yet.
It’s artwork, modern artwork.
When your duelist won’t take space, we start playing for ourselves, yall might get teamflashed but I’m taking that space
Found Cypher's reddit account. 
i've genuinely experienced this, too. i refuse to take ranked seriously unless i'm playing at like 4 am. every other lobby is way too toxic and full of themselves. i wonder why this is the time of night everyone is chill?
That’s when you hit them with a “?” In all chat
wish they would do it like cs where they have an active duty map pool (these are for esports) but have other maps in the game still
Was probably the single most broken ability in the entire game, if they ever give her regen back it has to be like 1:30 cd.
As a 5 smoke shotgun squad that went 13-0 on icebox, I agree but for the opposite reasons.
Throwing can be detected if the thrower does a lot of damage to teammates.
Thats so funny if thats true. I had no idea that could even happen lol
Stinger full sprint in close range fight is underrated
Yes it’s possible, it’s also made a lot easier when you take into account planting the spike gives you and ult point, having a safe with red on your team, or a clove. 

So available ult points:

4 orbs (fracture)

4 normal enemies (excluding yourself)

1 bomb plant

+1 for sage res

+1 for killing clove then clove revives

So technically this could be done on all maps. 
People don’t know about them because they honestly aren’t seen that much anymore, but some of the old battlepass skins do not look that great.

I don’t mean to diss on the VAL skin designers, but I am glad that they’ve learned their lesson and moved on from making skins like the Hivemind Vandal. That skin just makes me unhappy.
Honestly clicking any link you get send on Twitch is always a bad idea, so it's kinda your own fault if you fall for scams like these.
Its The Range, which is a beta of Ascent
Bro discovered Anglo-Franco relations in a nutshell
Night market was bugged with some people having skins they already owned, and i think some had blanks. So they quickly disabled it!
>Be me  
>Main Smokes  
> Stop maining smokes bc i want to try something diffrent  
> Clove gets released, clove instalock every game  
> they smoke like shit  
> back to instalocking smokes
Depends on how Clove gets worked into the meta. If their pick rate is too low, they may feel the need to nerf viper a bit, maybe make her orb non-retreivable. Making her ult an extra point would be ridiculous.
I do the same and I think it's because Dizzy has a distinct audio que when she's about to hit you.
And then I proceed to go 0/26, but the vibes are immaculate
You know that smurf that destroys you if you make a single mistake?
all these players at 10x better than that smurf.
You know when you perfectly plan out a round and read the enemy team like a book? That's what both teams are fighting against every round.
You know when you play with your friend and you both play off each other perfectly?
All 5 players on both teams have that cohesion.

These guys are on a whole different even than the whole player base
Dang

Now give me your profile info so I can report u
From my understanding, the spike is a TON of ticks of damage. This has to be a bug.
Yesterday I used digistore and 1000VP code was for 840Rs which was cheaper than in game If you wanna try that
Getting flamed is the best way to learn
I was assuming it was to make sure people didn't save a bunch of KP for agents
I think a mode where your agent changes every round could be interesting. Gives newer players a chance to try out how an agent plays in a match, and more experienced players a mode with more chaos without the orb effects of Spike Rush.
It's ok that he's weak but he should at least be enjoyable to play.
Same with tubarao
New rank just dropped
It's like that every single new episode and same posts like yours come up every single time like clockwork.

Prove yourself again , or don't.

People do become washed only after taking a break for a single episode. The larger playerbase on average is getting better.
The amount of util you used is crazy
Kayo would obviously be the tallest, hes literally a weapon, why wouldn't they make him menacing, I'm sure he can shrink himself if needed. Shortest would 100% be Jett as it fits with her being light and agile
You said everyone go belt and play tdm?
That would hilarious if all agents did this. 

Sage: "Maybe I should have brought phoenix back to life last round, I was at full power and could have saved him, but something compelled me not to be useful."
maybe it's because there aren't many gamemodes(comp/unrated, swiftplay being similar to the first ones, escalation, dm)
I'll say what my main cannot do. Breach cannot concuss anyone directly in front of him. If you're in front of him and you fear getting concussed, don't. There's a gap between Breach himself and the start of the concuss line. Same goes with the ult. Granted, no one would be stupid to attempt to concuss someone directly in front of them as a Breach, but as the enemy, you don't have to worry about it.
Never works in my lobbies

Everyone (including me) shoots that box to oblivion 3 seconds in the round
yeah, people don't understand the significance of 9.11
It’s cause there’s a less strict mmr
I was kinda sad and told her that, that's all lol.
She was sorry but couldn't understand what was wrong bc she never apparently had that and always had the 'setting' where u could only see the gun name.
I pretty much main sage and im sick of people whining for heals and rez's all the fuckin time. No reyna im sorry i couldnt rez you when im in the middle of fighting 2 agents on site while you died in the enemy spawn. No jett sorry i didnt heal you when you had 95 hp. No neon im sorry i didnt rez you when you died in an open area where 3 enemies were waiting for me to come up and die. Insta mute bye!!!
He ain’t reloading by mistake any more
Iirc the Phantom actually has BETTER accuracy alongside its better recoil and spray control as well as recoil recovery so it probably is just being used to having to correct for Vandal recoil. 


It's either that or that it's a placebo that you're getting in your own head about because of the 2 hit headshots, not immediately obvious from a text post.
Gekko is the one obvious choice to carry the spike 99% of the time true but they ain't have Gekko. Harbour can still just cove for the homies to plant if needed but I agree with you.
Fun fact! Activision Blizzard hold a patent for a matchmaking system that pairs players who recently bought skins up against players that are worse than them for the reason you stated. It'll also instill "skins = wins" into the player who just bought the skin, making them more likely to buy more
Lol shockdart. Bro paintshells are at same level as updraft. In B tier. Paintshells take a lot of space both in defence and offence atleast imo as raze main.
SEA server, haven’t tried the NA one.
Because this last reset was the worst reset. It took everybody back 2 ranks. Try to climb out of plat? Well theres 9 other ascendants trying to do the same makes it a little tough. Get to diamond? Yeah now your playing a rank up.
plus if he keeps resetting it you can have well over 1 min uptime
First of all, calling a person a pleb isn’t really nice. 

Second of all, if you die to spike, it doesn’t count as a death.
Remember that it is the same company that create Nautilus from League of Legends , Hitboxes aren't their strongest point
kayo molly also breaks trips
If a Clove doesn't average more than 1 death per round they're not really a Clove player.
Anyone can look like a god if you yourself are not well versed.

A 5th grader that understands multiplication may look like a god to a third grader, that’s struggling with addition, but would be helpless in the face of basic algebra. It’s a matter of perspective really. 

Check out Woohoojin’s movement mastery guide on YouTube. It will help you a lot.
I’ve not seen this interaction but I would assume you get the orb, so I guess it’s just when you are next alive
I'd say a main reason is the size of the map, as fun as it can be as chamber of using snipers, it is annoying that it's forced that much regardless of where you are on the map, there aren't many spots where you'd prefer a phantom over a vandal for example, and SMGs are kinda weak.

Another thing is dome smokes are very weak on the map compared to line smokes like harbour and viper, so the map basically forces those agents to be on the teams.

Personally, I hate A site with those pyramids, they just feel like awkward angles and annoying headglitching, I'd rather have multiple pillars and boxes scattered around in some form than the pyramids. And obviously the size, rotations take forever and I feel the map would benefit from a small downscale.
Anyone below me is trash and anyone above me is a sweat
You could sell her default first star after you place it and take it back giving you an extra 150 creds
A badly played controller but not a bad choice controller. I'd rather viper than another duelist
I wish it was public. It’s super strange to be asc1 and be in an immortal lobby and win. Then the next game in a diamond lobby with plat 3s. Seeing the MMR would make more sense especially since an asc1 and plat3 can’t Q together
I’m dead ass in a game rt now against a clove and that happened to me wtf!
it's a bug.
here another tip, stop smoking the entry site on attack side, you're literally doing the CT's jobs for them, watch a video on how to use smokes correctly
Happened to me during the recent server issues. Guy was duo queued and was like “my friend is loading in don’t remake” and he instantly denied the remake vote. His friend missed the first two rounds, which we lost. I’m not saying we couldn’t come back, we nearly did, but I really don’t want to play a game starting out 0-2 just because of a disconnect. It’s just not a fun or fair way to start a game. The kicker? We lost by 2 rounds, 14-12.
Turns out the ability to shoot the flash was good
Nice clip but oh my god why is brimstone looking at a sage wall XD
God teir shitpost
They updated the loading screens, the map screenshots, and even updated the range. About darn time. 

Hopefully next to be updated:

- Skin inventory

- Agent animations for the older half of the roster
heck, how do you tell if people are smurfing or simply "in the zone" or even simply genuinely better players than you, ranking up for the first time.

I'm a super inconsistent player, some games i'll be on the top of the scoreboard one tapping everything, other games i'll be on the bottom, getting one tapped.
Its good to learn and get comfortable with fighting rather then anything else. Its easy to crutch utility in low ranks, but as soon as you hit mid ranks you will be at the mercy of getting carried because you are to scared to shoot anyone or take 50/50's
3-4 assists on the same enemy-i.e. 100% screwed enemy
A lot of players just want mindless gameplay, they want to be Immortal by instalocking Reyna, Jett or Raze, stay muted, no strategy, and just outfrag everyone.

Once you take that away from them, they start to flame you and get mad over simple strata even a Silver player could come up with.
I mean, maybe they should just play without you. It seems like the only solution
That’s wet dream for brim mains and I on of them well played!
that’s what my initial thought was too
They respect Kobe too much that’s why they banished agent 08 and skip 24 RIP MAMBA
Can't speak for smoking but I get it for Val. My toxic trait is seeing someone play Valo on YT Shorts and thinking ye no issue I can do that, then hopping on and getting absolutely destroyed.
So imagine this scenario. It's just you vs the enemy on breeze. They plant A-site but you happen to be B-site. What new players will do is literally shift walk the entire way over. The spike will literally explode by the time you get there. Sometimes the best thing to do is to just run and not worry about making noise. The round is virtually lost if you shift walk. You'll at least have a fighting chance if you run, even if they hear you.
Making a joke out of you
Broooo I hate the bad smurfs
You're overestimating your skills son.
Had a Raze in my game last night proudly announcing to the lobby that hes a smurf and selling boosts for people. I told him thats incredibly cringe. He then went on to cry the whole match about houw my bronze teammates werent playing right around him. The smurfing is a REAL problem in this game. Almost impossible for new players to learn the game with a level 20 reyna dropping 38 kills.
It's good the way it is
My first thought was about blades of chaos when I saw the knife
Immortal is the highest rank, it's not being "stuck" there, it's about maintaining it. Radiant is reserved for duo trio queue immortal players, they should really only allow solo at ascendant and above for actual skill-based matchmaking
Remove slow effect for your own team. I think making his Cove utility last a bit longer plus increasing hp of it a little would make it more valuable. I think he is fine otherwise. The only issue I have run into with him (playing with or against, not as) is people in lower ranks not knowing what to do with his util.
I only watch the second clip , you are not baiting anyone but you are not doing anything either. You are holding a smoke but your alarm bot is gonna alarm if some push you so basically you are holding nothing. The alarm bot is already holding the smoke. The angle you are holding it just for you to trigger the swarm and you can trigger it anywhere. So you didn’t bait him but you sold him because you can’t refrag him and he had a bad position and thinking you will swing so both fuck up. 
Your setup is really good in higher elo (understand that you give the site and go for full retake) or if the enemy have heavy dive comp.
I used to have a problem with skye, she just looks so cute, how can you shoot her
Chamber is the only agent who can get on double boxes before the round starts without wasting an ability.
LMAO. Nice Ace bud
shit is funny they always have same narrative but never explain details, even wild rift (mobile league) have replay system
it’s a premier reward buddy
Ive never seen a guy get fact checked like this before, gyatt dam
Breach instantly becomes the most hated man in Valorant. You are always stunned, there is no escape
Very true. I started playing this game on basically a toaster PC, was still really playable considering how bad my PC was.
Solo Q to win RR. Party Q to win mental health
Surrendering is for losers.
Gamepass works on PC as well.
Although I don't necessarily feel as passionate as op I do really miss the other maps.
These agents are members of the Valorant protocol.

Cypher (Aamir) is saying to Sova that he has clearly changed the real history to something else when it comes to his cyborg eye.

Sova is saying to Cypher (Aamir) that he has deleted his whole history file, as both a form of deflecting from whatever he's done and as a way to challenge Cypher.

...

On an unrelated note, how many drugs have you done today OP?
The voicemail also explicitly says "knife" too, though? Did you not listen to the end?
TIL that there's a parkour in the game, huh. Neat.
No, I think their fade threw the octopus thing at you, which brought you to low health, then she killed you really fast.
clearly a reason to nerf chamber
I went from Silver 1 to 7 day ban for comms abuse :/ these placements getting ridiculous
Make it so that the heal protects you from one hit, almost like a shield. Then make it so she has to shoot the orb after pressing e on it. Then make her ult the gulag. This would fix her imo
You could lag switch yourself if this is somehow replicable 
Dawg let's not pretend like NRG know what they're doing with their team roles, they probably gonna start putting crashies on duelist at this rate
the thing is I didn't even read it like "Ultimate-Cabbages"  like cabbages as a result of the ultimate/produced from but like **ULTIMATE CABBAGES** like FUCK YEAH THESE ARE THE MOST ULTIMATE CABBAGES EVER"
Depends on the map. Usually stinger or sheriff
i don't know about you but i have to have Subway Surfers playing on my other 4 side monitors when I'm holding an angle if not I'll get bored and just walk away.
My enemies would say: nice wh enjoy ban
happened to me too like last week. lost a 4v1 with spike in our possession since everyone went to hunt the last guy. one guy even tried to blame me for losing the round since I was the last one to die trying to hold the spike lmao
The main purpose is for those in immortal and radiant. It resets those to maximum immortal 1 so everyone has a chance to climb for rank 1
wtf, I have a really hard time believing that there's only 7 of us, [here's mine](https://i.imgur.com/k5JfxNV.png).
Definitely subjective, personally I prefer the CS gunplay/movement. Val’s big win was their anti cheat.
Op you definitely cooked with this one!!! Keen eye you've got there
For me the question has always been:

If someone uses cheats that arent instantly recognized by vanguard - does it check the pc of the dude im reporting for cheating or does it need more than 1 report?
i did an inhuman 1-tap flick when i was bronze once, everyone spamming question mark i didn't even know how it happened
r6 is by far the hardest game for me to learn and, i can’t even lie, i’m still hella lost in it LOL all i have in my mind is shoot head shoot head and it kinda works but god i’m so lost during the pre-round phases
and as a side note: if you’re SPECIFICALLY trying to farm ult uses for your weekly, you might as well immediately cancel thrash using X and pick her up again, so you can guarantee two uses
A Reyna that can dismiss on command and it resets after a kill would be nuts. Could you imagine her ulting? Then she literally goes invisible. If anything she should have play around her orbs even more.
I have a theory.

Maybe you can drill through walls and use a periscope like cam?
Warm up less then
I mean the omen *was* bottom fragging. This was just perfect scenario where he ignored reyna and reyna just happened to whiff
I heard my teammates mom yelling at him in spanish 💀
Finally a controller agent that can still control the map after they die and doesn't have to play back site or molly line ups.
I rarely get squeaker kids in my lobbies (high imm3) but when I do they’re the best player in the whole lobby fr
Then critique and suggest your own plan. Better to have 5 dumbarses trying to do the same stupid thing than 5 dumbarses all trying to do different things
It seems like they’re trying to promote less spammy arcade-like shooting and promoting more precise and decision based shooting but it all doesn’t make any sense if there is no guaranteed FSA and the spray is still RNG.
Few months, we'll see the pro meta in the upcoming VCT playoffs
Technically you aren't gonna spam headhunter anyways lol.
Props for killing her! Is this some kind of colorblind mode?
90% sure most of those were removed within the first hotfix like a week after Abyss came out.
even if you dont care about the human on the other end of the screen it just helps your chances of winning. i am always baffled when people are trying hard to win but then flame their teammates. like if you really want to win how about you stop messing your teammates mental lol
and will cost a bajillion dollars
Theyre standing in place and poorly repeaking the same angle
Imo long rotate = yoru playable
Yeah these guys have such crazy takes lol. Literally no controller feels weak right now but viper is absolutely insane. Why would we want everyone as strong as viper lmao
0.32 at 800dpi
Exactly. Even small differences and mix up of different abilities can create a pretty different agent overall and Clove shows that well.
I actually like playing smokes and im lowkey mad when someone else goes smoke so i have to fill sentry or smth
Radiante points are the biggest rip off in the game. The fact that I have to pay 80+ for a skin then *potentially* pay more to upgrade the skin I already bought is crazy. It’s a micro transaction on a micro transaction. Not to mention if you do choose to purchase them it’s like 40 dollars for only 80?
I long for a match without Reyna, Jett and/or Chamber in either team
Technically, from your point of view, there's no difference, as long as it's run next week
I would probably say the non-smurf reynas all usually suck at the dualist role. They just assume that if they lurk around and get useless exit kills during lost rounds that they are the best for having more kills. They often have no concept of high impact vs low impact kills.

Sage players I feel like are fine usually on the score board...but it's been WEEKS since a sage has healed me or revived me. They never use their utility. They are just wall one tricks who throw ice orbs once in awhile. I feel like people pick sage these days because they don't want to use utility at all, just want to place a wall in the first 3 seconds of the round and than just use their gun only.
why wouldn’t they just farm it off of sage then
Yeah, but brims ult also doesn't give you points right?
Dont let gekko take spike.. most gekko players are idiots
No map rotation, think ill just sit this season out
What in the bronze
You posted this on r/valorant btw
yeaaaaa way harder to wallbang/spam to break iso shield is so hype for iso enjoyers
**No, YOU did not just get "ddosed".**

How the supposed attacker found your IP addresses to vector the DoS bandwidth? 

There's no P2P networking in this game, literally *everything* goes through the server before being passed to other players. Each client exposes connection to Valorant server only, and there are no other player-to-player connections, or even ways to track what IP addresses are switched to server.
Dude I couldn’t see him at normal speed, he did blend in with the spike. However u can change it to colorblind mode like purple or yellow highlights to make the enemy character stand out better
he also literally speaks chinese in some voice lines
i mean if he places higher than you most times he probably is mechanically better aim wise, but he might have 0 game sense and team cooperation skills keeping him in gold
A cs go player has game sense, sure he can’t use abilities as well but he has aim and game sense for sure
Lol instalocker duelists demanding smokes and then not pushing until my smokes die out, we all know how this story goes. 
I am so sorry fpr what happened nobody deserves that.
I assume OP was sneaking a funny in at the end. It's hilarious either way.
Your question is a little confusing - the majority of the game is aim, crosshair placement, and game sense. I’ll go ahead and list some things I figured out. 

When you want to take space, util should generally work in pairs.

When you want to rush a site, you need 3 util abilities or more. Smokes are almost always necessary. 

Comms are the most important thing in the game. Learn to comm and learn to IGL if you really want to rank up.

Baiting out the enemies utility is the easiest way to win offense rounds. It’s easy to hit a site when they have nothing to stop you. Learn what triggers util in your enemy and exploit it. 

When you hit a site there’s not really a big rush to entry. You can take your time and clear your corners.

If someone on your team is being an asshole in comms, mute them. 

People generally play the same every round, unlike in fighting games. Exploit that. 

You don’t need to be Jett or Chamber to OP on defense, especially if you have a read on the opponent. Getting an OP, getting 1 kill, and getting out pretty much secures defense rounds for you. Think about how many times that’s happened to you - your teammate dies to an OP so your whole team gets scared and doesn’t hit the site with the OP.

Rotations are broken, people overcommit in ranked way too much. Fakes are really good.

Know what guns to buy. The marshall is extremely broken. So is the sheriff (if you can aim). Odin’s broken too. So is the shorty in the right circumstance. Experiment with every gun in the game.

When you have two or more defending a site and they smoke you off and rush, use your utility and fight for the site. Don’t cower behind the smoke. This is applicable in most cases (though there are some occasions where the duo holding just isn’t enough defensively). Too many people in low ranks don’t defend correctly.

If you’re low ranked, your aim is the biggest impediment to progress. If you train it, you will rank up fast. Doing aimlabs 30 mins a day for a month took me from Asc2 to eventually Immortal 2 (last act, don’t play so much anymore).

Finally, as much as you may hate it, smurfing is part of the game. No use getting upset about it. Riot has obviously shown they’re not going to try and fix it. You have to think about smurfs as trial by fire. If you want to rank up, you need to be able to beat smurfs, either with your brain (outplay) or with your aim.
tbh the omen blind was part of the reason😏
New buff, line of sight to viper util decays hp to 1
Crouch spraying. Oh wait, that's now.
bruh you have to be kidding? im an immo brim judge smoke enjoyer and i cry every single time there is an enemy skye it cockblocks the smoke strat better than any other agent. kinda just sounds like u have a skill issue at this point
I just wish the game didn't queue me to the same damn map 2 times in a row, like imagine playing Breeze for 2 hours?bI AM SICK AND TIRED OF BREEZE
that’s a bundle every 2 months for four years. factor in all the shit tier bundles and that sounds about right
call me that again and I'll break your nose
because theyre playing deathmatch to play deathmatch and not as a warmup like most people. nothing wrong with that
Actually Chamber being French does mean something to the gameplay. I just love his accent.
Everything has its place, one map doesn’t really justify going said gun 24/7
Looks like Reddit really fucked you up lmao. As long as you're having fun, not hurting anyone and not sleeping with underage people, don't worry about it.
Bro 😭
Better relaxing your eyes longterm than seeing enemy heads at 50m
Friend... Yeah sure (⁠☞ﾟ⁠∀ﾟ⁠)⁠☞
thats a bit mean to people in bronze bro
Split, ascent and bind
Mmmmmh, Riot booty 🤤
You should’ve died 3 times over holy. Good job mate
Start talking about map 3
Ninja defusing while all enemy players alive
Lmao, the double take and then spraying the ground is hilarious
gold or plat lol can't decide, but yeah those ranks are always all over the place. some games you think your team's cracked and other times it feels like they've never held a mouse before lmao try not to let it stress ya too much 💀
I’m a fill player not particularly biased for any roles.

1. Haven (most balanced map for me at least)

2. Bind (The chore of holding mid are none and the teleporters are fun mechanic you can use to outplay opponents)

3. Split (Only valorant map that does elevation decent without being fuck fest like icebox)

4. Pearl (Mid is actually fun to hold and the mix of CQC and long range is nice) 

5. Fracture (Isn’t perfect but it’s at least never boring)

6. Ascent (Everyone has figured it out by now and everything is too predictable nowadays)

7. Sunset (Cypher, Sova, Raze, Omen/Clove   do i need to say more? Every match is the same, truly the brain rot of Valorant)

8. Lotus (No one in ranked knows how to play this map, the doors are shit mechanic, fuck pit, fuck B, fuck rubble contest) 

9. Icebox (Repetitive team comp + bazillion unnecessary angles you have to check + impossible to plant. You’re essentially throwing if there isn’t KJ, Sova, Viper in your team and icebox mid is undoubtedly THE worst designed section of a map in all of valorant) 

10. Breeze (All the problems of icebox now extends to the buy menu now as there’s only 5 out of the 17 weapons in valorant are usable on this map. Rotations are impossible, mid is a nightmare to hold, no outplay potential only aim duels. The worst thing about aim duels being mostly is that vandal vs vandal is its literally random sometimes thanks to bullshit called first shot accuracy from the common ranges of gun fights you take on this dogshit map. And also you’re throwing if there’s no Viper/Cypher to actually have chance at defending. This map is fundamentally flawed, there is no fix so please just get rid of it)
I can't and now I'm in debt
It's so STUPID.

And I would love if you could choose skins for each side too (Attack/Defend) but that won't happen because of the Black.Market bundle.
Detroit become human shit
STAY CLASSY STAY COOL AND DONT BE A FOOL
It will just increase the use of odin.
"this guys casting a spell" LOL
I can't remember the last time Neon was changed at all. She's not meta. I don't think she ever was meta.
This entire post to say he’s just like every other player in the game.
drugs
I'd say you can blame teammates when they're stubbornly refusing to coordinate. The ones who love to stomp around giving away free info, the ones who bait as a duelist, the ones who flank every single round even though it only worked the first time, the ones that neglect to comm or even ping when the enemy team rushes so you don't know to rotate til the spike is planted, etc.

You can work around those things to some degree, but there's no denying that you're playing with a handicap with someone like that on the team. 

Of course there's not much point dwelling on it. Do what you can to win, but otherwise take that match as a learning experience and work on reinforcing some of the good habits that will let you make up the difference next time.
agreed
The downvotes are because no one believes you, we all use discord and stream to our friends. Smells fishy...
I love how you posted a video that could be a meme, a complaint, and a highlight.
Yup exactly. I guess I should have assumed not everyone understands what a tax write off is lol
No, it's somewhere in the middle of the old and current fire rate. In the big Chamber nerf update, his fire rate got reduced by 57.5%. So somewhere around 1,2. Now it went from 0,7 up to 0,9.
Yup this is the right answer. You lose less RR the more rounds you win. Just like how you win more RR the more rounds you win (when you win the full game)
For me it is mostly that people would not use util to clear angles so playing a lurker just means free kills also they take Brim as a solo smoker on most maps so faking a site exec makes the game easy as Brim uses both smokes for sites like A site Haven and is poorly positioned.
For me, just playing normally and trying my best is how I de rank.
There's no way junk worked out that was awesome dude
Yamcha is from dragon ball Z, and he starts off cool but then he gets killed, his girlfriend stolen and sidelined
I'll just say one thing that would probably seem incomprehensible in today's meta.

Viper was BAD
My goat pujan FNS if you watch VCT. Tune in to join his watchparty. He do jokes at times and also gives in depth analysis as a pro player himself regarding the situation. At times he will talk about what he will do instead of whatever the fuck he just saw on screen. Highly recommend.
I always thought it would be interesting if harbor had the option to "pre place" his wall and had the option for it to come out in reverse.
one of my favourite things to do is to get a teammate on half buy to ego peek the op.

if he kills the op i instantly tp to steal it
I feel like the ult nerf was completely unnecessary
I am not just your healer
This and some other QoL changes are probably the best thing to give Viper to make her feel less shit in Solo queue without making her better in pro.


As is I think on paper she's in a good spot, but she certainly doesn't FEEL that way when you play her.
"Undercut", "shield", "wall"
Wha-
went from a cheap gaming cafe with BAD mouse (cant really handle flicks and fast swiping), bad keyboard and a 60 hertz monitor, im from gold/silver and i switch to a decent gaming cafe with 144/120 hz monitor, legitimate logitech g102 lightsync mouse and a nice keyboard, and i regret not knowing that my setup actually holds me back i peaked ascendant 2 but im currently on high/mid diamond because of my schedule. so TLDR; gear actually do matter and in my experience i really noticed an improvement also i do think its really up to you on the monitor refresh rate thing bc i see immortals on 60hz but the difference between 60 and 120/144 hz is really noticable and i think it somehow affects ur gameplay.
Maybe OP makes the forsaken vandal kill sound every time he puts a pint on the table
All my skins.
Can one get it somewhere, somehow?
Most sane Reyna main
genuinely never seen an average tracker score of 26 💀
Yea they did
You are doing literally exactly what they want, to check the store every day. That's exactly how they get people to purchase things they don't want but since it's available why not
You were shouting to him and he got nervous
On split B site, you can use kj turret as a helmet on the box by by main and Odin through its legs
The server assumed he never peeked the corner, everything around the corner was not over the internet just on his machine, then he reconnected knowing the sage was there but she never saw him
True I do that or refer to their agent’s gender
KC won. They had a comfortable lead to do that haha
 Imagine more than one person gets it entirely correct. That would be insane. And in LoL, the last time there was anyone with a 100% correct pick'ems was 3 years or so ago. It is still wild that it even happened at all.
people gotta stop saying shit like this. 

being in the top 10% of *anything* quantitatively and objectively means that it's never just "do x and y and anyone could do it". Like yeah, diamond is no the pinnacle of skill, but it's still better than the vast majority of people on the planet on the ladder. literally not everyone can get there.
Don't forget it was said he will "stop you dead in your tracks and pull you in close"

Which concerns me if he has a fucking roadhog hook
give it once then mute if they are being annoying about it (ranked)  
in unrated and other modes i always drop them cause being nice costs nothing
My first main was Brimstone, *mainly* because of how easy his kit is to use even for a new player. A good noob-friendly design that's useful and balanced.

Viper is pretty cool.

I main Breach nowadays, but probably wouldn't include him here... the ulti can be kinda bs sometimes.

Ps. Hate Neon the most. I don't think that kind of movement belongs in this game.
Nah there's no fucking way this is Ascendant
Give him op
Tbh that flash is not that wrong either. Sometime you bounce it off the wall so it pop behind you rather that infront of you
Spike kill doesn’t give ult orbs.
LOL TRUE

But the number of times I've seen knifing at 11 - 12 LOOOL
Omen saying “that was fun”
he invented aimboy
Not sure , the sova was just sitting in spawn with classic out , with ping being static 

sucks very much that the system is this way
Die for you still the best champs song
But you gotta have to mute someone every game, sometimes a 3 stack or 4 stack. Some get mute-offended and start team sabotage. And to begin, you do have to sit through some of the shit before deciding to mute or blindly mute anyone that remotely says anything controversial. Also, often, ppl are nice until they hear someone they'd love to ridicule.

It's these mental gymnastics that make the comms not worth it, at least at low elos. Now I only get shit on for not having comms. I lean heavily on in-game pointers and text. And if there is someone actually nice, then we can just unmute and talk anyway.

And that's how I roll.
Holding angles too tight, give that crosshair some breathing room and let them walk into it
Holy shit
IP ban won't do anything since VPNs exist and a HWID ban is too extreme.

Riot needs to get better at detecting smurfs and appropriately raise their MMR. No need for bans.
bro has balls of steel to be that confident in his aim while in that raze nade
i bet the raze player gets flamed for it still XD
Can you ban me for a little while so I don't have to look at this?
Some people may not have the time to go further when the game is 19-19, so I like having the choice rather than them going AFK
This is just a smurf problem that will be prevalent in any FTP competitive multiplayer game. It really does suck but really hard to combat
This reminds me of that youtube shorts guy who keeps saying im iron 1 😭
Hilarious clip i loved it
There's a function that lets you bind to a button a "clutch" button that mutes everyone and unmute them when the round ends
Context: Shin from KC picked up the KOI classic and threw it out.
It was like a disrespectful action by him

(But funny content though)
54, and 3-5 hours a week, mostly deathmatch and TDM. It's hard getting the contiguous hours for comp.
I bought glitchpop phantom because i always popped off with that gun. Well now i am trying to get protocol phantom because i pop off with it
She wouldn't be a viable sentinel without her strong wall imo
You’re right! I lost 10 rr this game and my wins give me 22.
OMG I DIDNT SEE, HE PUTS C9 IN NUH UH TIER
It's pretty much impossible to have a worse cheating situation than Tarkov. Valorant has much less cheaters than CS2 and obviously Tarkov. Sometimes it can be annoying when certain cheats get popular, but even at its worst, it's never as bad as other games, and eventually it dies down and goes away, I assume because Riot does a quiet banwave or Vanguard finally kicks in.

The anti-cheat does its job. Not perfectly, but pretty much as good as it gets. You have to be extremely dedicated and run double PC streaming setups with AI pixel cheats or have hardware cheats that are mailed to you in order to go undetected. Valorant's anti-cheat is similar to FACEIT/ESEA, as both use kernel-level intrusive anti-cheats.
Yeah it’s really situational role-wise, but certain agents are not good to do it on. For example, if I’m on Viper, I usually have to be on some angle to wall for entry or if I’m ulting, it’s insanely risky to be the one to plant. Conversely, someone like Skye doesn’t have anything to set up and her util doesn’t require her to be at a specific angle or anything.
Even in comp, the game isnt that serious imo, as long as they arent actively throwing, just mute them if theyre being distracting.
I don't want to remove the mystique of this post so I'll stay silent
i only rlly dislike breeze. my favourite maps are lotus and fracture (kill me i know). sunset isn’t too bad but it coukd definitely be less of a maze and breeze can suck my dick 

sincerely 

a Fade/Sage main
Do what I do: take a break. I spent few weeks without playing it and when I start playing it again, suddenly looking at crosshair feels like I'm doing something fresh. I was much more focused on my aim after I took a break.

Oh and also being less toxic or not having a toxic environment also helps. It might be you, it might be someone else.
The idea is to rework her to be more team oriented rather than incredibly selfish
And it's more impactul. You lose 2 AWPs so it's has more impact. Instead if you bought a Vandal, you can have money for the next round (and if won, can buy one for the people with an AWP too.)
Nou peekan
Valorant is lightyears ahead of Valves anti-cheat
Pretty damn hard 

**First data**: they are tons of things associated with giving replays that either Riot or Vanguard (anticheat team) doesn't want to share openly, this is a tricky line to thread. Those replay files can contain precious informations that can be used by cheat makers for exemple, they'd have to basically create a separated system from their internal ones that contains many things including AC evalutions and stuffs. Giving out some Vanguard parameters by mistake might show how to efficiently bypass Vanguard to cheat makers.

**Next is UI**: to use those replay you need a player that is good otherwise everyother threads on youtube and twitter is going to be flaming you about your shitty replay system

**Third server**: Valorant as a 128 tick, multi-agent game, replays are going to be quite large. This opens up two major issues: **storage and bandwidth**. They will need to store them properly which isn't negligible, people downloading replays will also create a massive bandwidth to those servers.

**Fourth local storage**: the replay will need to be somehow stored locally and that will create ever growing replay storage folders this also needs to be handled. Many casuals with their 20 years old laptop won't understand that their 100s of 200MB replays they download every day is filling their computer. They are going to flame Riot or Vanguard for "hacking"/"breaking"/"slowing" their computer on youtube/twitter/reddit.

Everything together I think Riot I can understand that it might make sense for Riot to never provide a replay system as the cons might surely outweight the pros.
Knife has been nerfed, knifes now have recoils
43h plat3.

but I have maybe 8k hours in CSGO so my game sense / aim is already pretty decent
Aww man that sucks - I’m yappin on mic like it’s my job
My man was fighting like his real-life depended on it.
Sage seemingly can move life-force around, but she can't create it, it has to come from somewhere. We're not even sure if she knows where she's taking it from sometimes.



Her constant abuse of this power is questioned by both Omen and Fade.
I never heard the voiceline "block deployment fail" until now
If you weren't doing something stupid then it's vangaurd messing up. It did this with one of my friends I was in a duo with. Showed him he was banned and ended the game. When he restarted the PC and started the game, nothing happened and it opened up normally.
"yU Kno wat We ShOD dO? wE sHoUd wiN"
imo the most obvious nerf would be to make his shield not be full immunity, but rather a penetrable wall so that way there is damage contributed to him even when you break his shield, making each fight iso takes slightly more dangerous for him since his health may dwindle
Its a spy cam, fuck would it give constant sound
Yep, apparently it works well.
You're the only one with a Vandal, and you still have two cages, I think the redirection towards A seems the right answer here, but I would have helped the team cross the mid in your place I think.

Maybe by swinging/trading your jett, but most likely smoking off mid.
The hands thing is true, though I can't say I've had any big issues personally

For meddle idk, it seems fine. If anything its an issue with the maps anyway
I’ve made it work in Diamond ELO, no one expects it haha!
tp nicely said "thank you… but no thank you!"
Lots of low rank players have no confidence lol and think "ok I will just play support if I'm bad to be useful"
Disagree. You can have thousands of hours of played but as long as you're not actively trying to improve constantly, you won't get far.
It's just not true. Regular strafing works in low elo even better BECAUSE they crouch spray, so you only need to hit their head on the first or second tap. If you are getting killed because of their random crouch spray, it means you are taking too long to shoot their head.
Just checked ur profile, sorry about that
i think its because unrated is perceived as the relax mode and comp as the trying modd
You have no idea what you are talking about dude
I know a person who only plays raze and they have 80% win percentage with match mvp most of the time
Also just because in agent is out of meta doesn’t mean they aren’t good
It’s not like the keybinds are being used, you aren’t seeing the players keybinds you are seeing the keybinds of the accounts used as the cameras
yeah, I had more competent players on my very first unrated match, it's like they're trying out AI or sg
Because anything chamber can do there is another agent that can do it better… he just isn’t really good for much
Put duelists at the bottom so you can't instapick 
Water doesn’t kill him, harbour would damage him, so would the map icebox and sage’s ice assuming it can melt.
the entire PRX roster
Because oh no I slipped into a truck
The rank reset has put everyone lower than they Were, which means that gold/plat players have placed in silver maybe High bronze even.
Because the rank reset was like 2 weeks ago. I dropped from plat 1 to silver 1. And golds dropped to silver or bronze.
Precise gunplay is my favourite!
Astra right now: "Need that back!"
Same thing for me D1 last act. Placed Plat 1 bc I slaughtered Ascendants in my placements but now I'm playing against Asc3 and Immo1 just about every game. I just can't catch a win.
New map reveal at Master's Shanghai, so I assume they will change the rota when that comes out
Chamber can go with anyone fr. Just add his guns to any other kit
Yoru doesn't even stay within the same dimension... if he doesn't just tp out, he just bends reality to phase through the wall or tricks the guards.

That also brings me to Astra... she's pretty close to being a god and literally controls space and time. I think she has the best chance of getting out.
Ult is dead ringer spy
Don't do it everytime. Sure you can catch them off guard the first time. I know i have but a good Iso player would not let you do that again.
If other controllers were as strong as viper this game would become fucking unplayable
Life. Your life is valuable. There is a reason it takes an 8 point ult to get it back. Planting can be postponed for almost no cost.
…Radiant. They’re all Radiant. That’s the point of the rank in the game. Radiant rank was originally called VALORANT, before people complained and they changed it.

They may not all be radiants, but they are Radiants.
Seen a bunch of jets jett themselves
https://valorant.fandom.com/wiki/Iso

It’s been known since his release it’s just not outlined in the in game ability description
That's not dating.

It's straight sexual harrassment. Report it.
Damn those shots were so clean 🥶
yep swiftplay feels so much better not having to play breeze every other game
It would be abused to avoid good players.

Also, they just decided to go from throwing to smurfing?
Good, only valid use of Reyna is to get to gold, that I respect and encourage, outside of that, put her down, please, for the sake of the rest of us
Rank resets are often a bit of a shit show in the first week, some throw their placements to drop lower and get easier games, others boosting friends or getting boosters to play their placements. Plenty on ALTs to avoid this.

Not that it's always the case  or in every rank but certainly noticeable over the past few years.
As a Neon main, everything was fine except for the movement error change. That just seems…
By far the craziest thing I've heard take place in Valo... wtf
Does KAYO's knife only disable them if it ''catches'' Cypher in its range?

Otherwise it'd be better for SOVA to disable trips.
I rather call him Ascendant until he gets out of it
It’s the same volume but halfway through it goes hella quiet and takes hella long
It does not 💀what do you think this is ? Anti-tank rounds?
This was my thought. There was no way raze could have ran there faster than neon so she had to use her blast packs. Muted it so they wouldn’t get flamed for ignoring that haha
I would like to make obligatory shout out to the GOAT woohoojin for teaching me how to practice fighting and how to make good game decisions
Yes that and also because past around 2000 you stop noticing the difference because it becomes too precise for it to matter
Consider: the out-of-time immortal is cliche and overplayed. It's much funnier to have an immortal who's actually just a kid. 

Like instead of vampires who speak like Shakespeare and dress like they're stuck in the Victorian era, imagine one that just pulls up in a Thrasher tshirt and says “sup bro”
People like playing with you is your unfortunate curse. Seriously it would be a nice feature just because I don't think it would be that hard to implement. Other platforms have it like Xbox or Steam.
tbf it’s kinda justified. lmfaoo
For my younger gaming days I’d bite down anything and just commit to the game because I felt there’s a larger social contract at play when I signed up for competitive. 

Today though, I play solely for my own enjoyment. Maybe I’ve just grown numb to caring, or maybe I feel the overall social contract has been torn, or maybe that the onus should be more on Riot to enforce stricter rules. I don’t know, nor do I feel the need to allocate anymore mental estate to figuring out the finer details. 

So if someone trolls my game, or feels like being toxic. I just leave. I just don’t see why we have to endure the mental illness of man-children and their tantrums or perceived slights. They don’t matter.
With a little editing, you can be too! For just 5 easy installments of $19.99 I’ll show you how to get this good!!
Unfortunately a lot of people care only about the rank rather than improving. These are the same people who complain the matchmaking isnt fair
Just means that you've improved very quickly, the game thinks your as good as silvers. Just keep playing and you'll double rank up and probably catch up
Skye changes (12.0)

- Skye’s dog is euthanized

- Skye’s bird now follows modern bird migration patterns, making them useless at many times

- Skye herself has gained weight and will lose 30% of her speed
100%. Reyna is not so popular in pro play because she has less teamplay potential. But high elo is still soloq so Reyna is still good (although usually less than in low elo)
The indescribable urge to attempt to one shot someone while inspecting this skin
Just try it and find out.
Caveman 2
haha I love isos shield it makes him look like bacteria or a pill
Technically doable but the odds of it happening organically are astronomical.
Cypher. Everyone hates his trips but his 6 point ult is not being discussed enough. It's too spammy and it's screwing with my flanks.
what about player reputation??
I'll start comming again when guys stop hitting on me and/or throwing when I talk ✌️
BREAKING: Valorant player discovers latency
This derank bot thing has been a problem for a very long time. I remember this was such a bad problem when I was in iron/bronze/silver. If I played late at night it was every game sometimes. If you try to talk about it on this sub Reddit people will just tell you to get good and stop complaining but they don’t understand how terrible it is.
That was hilarious I’m dying of laughter
You don’t need to be Radiant to be a coach, but to lie about it and use your fake rank to soothe your ego is sad.
Looks like Reyna’s dismiss but more invisible lol.
The actual answer is you dont. People think shes important because they think healer is a role and is important like in overwatch (never mind that its supports in overwatch because they do more than healbot). Shes also just not a great character overall but works well against teams who only 5 man group up and rush a site but loses a shit tonne of value compared to every other sentinel that isnt deadlock.
Yeah if they're nice i don't have a problem but they want it every round for every single gun it starts to get annoying. I wish I could escape lower elo kids 😫
He doesn't play anymore because he got banned probably haha
100% Yoru, even tho his set may seem "simple" to most of the people. There is an insane skill gap between a Yoru "OTP" and some1 who plays him casually even more so in higher ranks
Damn, I guess I’ll have to start playing brim daddy
Now I can have several more deaths than rounds
Wish this map comes back
That is so well done man
Iso's contract is an ongoing event so you don't need to spend anything for now to unlock him which leaves you between the former two
i promise you they are not 'cheating'. they just know how to play the fights better than you do and take advantage of how bad you take fights and how you are unable to keep your crosshair at head level. 

  
Many of those players are not placed at their proper rank right now because of the reset. take a little break as people get back to their proper rank.
Gekko itself is quite unique. To this day, all agents seem to have some dark past or some mysterious plot behind them, but not him, he is the most "normal" agent in the entire protocol: 

'Born in the USA, raised in LA, went to school, entered the high school, lives with his mother in a nice house and good economic conditions... And one day, Brim came and he joined the protocol."

I don't even know if his mother knows what he's been doing, because I highly doubt she would have agreed to him joining. It just makes me laugh at the fact that Brim has a habit of recruiting a bunch of young men to die in paramilitary life and death fights that are worth the fate of an entire Earth. Mf really embodied the spirit of the US military fr lmao
Yes, the latest new agents are anything but broken (Deadlock being an extreme example). They are played much less often in high elo than the "old" agents. Iso is still comparatively bad at the moment (in terms of win rate), but I could imagine him being a good duelist once players have more experience with him. But I don't think he will be broken.
Yeah, non-immortal people are always either dead or alive, so binary. Therefore, non-binary people are immortal
Not having all maps in the casual modes really doesn’t make sense. A new player would learn the most about a map by playing those modes. You don’t expect them to learn a new map once it is introduced in the pool by playing ranked, do you? Puts the player at a massive disadvantage. It’s better if they practice it in the casual modes over and over again before playing the same in the competitive mode. Maybe have the pool for ranked (albeit switch it more frequently) and let all maps be in the casual mode pool!
I have found photos!
No what he's saying is that you didn't let the zoom in animation end before shooting, just barely too early unlucky, so the shot was using unscoped accuracy
lmaoo real, I'm trying to be more disciplined with queuing hopefully it works for me lol
As an ascendant player i'd also hit my head on the ceiling with them satchels and I even PLAY raze!
TY! Which variant do you like best? Spring, Summer, Fall, or Winter?
Yeah that was so strange to me…

Side note I miss pearl man. 
And that booster dropped 40 kills and again boosted him to immortal lol
So pretty much same as before
Lol, I think it's just the way I saved the clip. It doesn't look potato normally, I swear!
this is the chance to farm the noobs for radiant gun buddy
They will be like " yeah for this, sure I'm gonna get banned".😭😭
Yeah and that's why I said you can win a ranked game with 5 duelists. But *technically speaking* as in, meta wise, Viper is not a good solo controller on Haven...
PLZSTOPINSTALOCKINGCLOVE
Yes lmao bc that’s incorrect
pearl is still my favorite 😮‍💨 it's a guardian dream, and for me it's the prettiest mal by far. I love underwater stuff. I'm so sad it's not in the current map pool.
The communication wheel needs to be reverted ASAP.
you can also become a science experiment :(
ITS NOT A 1v5 IF YOUR TEAMATES ARE ALIVE DURING IT HAHAHAHA STOP YOUR JUST MAKING YOURSELF LOOK DUMBER EVERY TIME YOU REPLY
I personally think the skin looks awkward and low res. I don’t know if it is the video or the skin but it doesn’t look clean. I felt like sov 1.0 was a very clean set but this ain’t it.
CSGO/valo terminology is usually used interchangeably
Good teammates to help so you don't hard carry 😋
Those are more like initiating utility not entry. Entry util would be a Jett dash, raze satchels, tps, and so forth.
I like radiant as top rank considering that in the games lore it implies pressing superhuman ability
Me and my premier team that couldn’t qualify for playoffs could beat them, easy. /s
hittin them with the purple blast, going lean overdrive
people do this in league too

theyll say "new champ is just (5 unrelated champions that are already a strech to begin with) combined)

like my brother in christ that is a new champion
That was dope
Sailor moon bundle?
The fact that most of the clips right now are just people playing just Iso is wild af lmao
For me i feel like breeze is so hated because most of the agents ability kit is suited for tight spaces and small chokepoints (kj nades/breach aftershock), and at the otherhand breeze is such a big fucking open map that denies this (my opinion)
domain expansion broken 😭
I know bro what like “What in the actual fuck” LMAOOO
We need an okbuddy sub...
This is not from a vulnerable, but a decay effect from passing through enemy viper smokes. Vulnerable also has a visual indicator, kinda like a cracked glass thingie. And yes the visuals are shared across all agents’ abilities
Don't forget that right click was still accurate at like 15-20m. It was like having an OP as a shotgun
Gekko is the simplest to learn without being a selfish agent (Looking at you Reyna)
His dizzy tells position, flashes, doesn't flash your team. His wingman clear corners and space, stuns, and plant spike. His ult is intuitive, you clear corners bite people, they get detained. And Mosh is a big fat molly. 

And all of it renewable! Except Mosh, he's still young cut him some slack.

His kit is the most "complete" jack of all traits character, he does everything a team needs, as long as you don't mind having to plant in ever attack round.
Wow I feel like my life is a lie...
Reyna mains are either literal demon or plastic 1 skill. No in between
I had been hoping for someone to say this
+ if you destroy it, you give the enemy the ability to re-send a tp into an unknown position. Further getting into the information game
Considering the fact that the "bait" didn't bait for anyone: no.

Also, you had to shoot utility with a Vandal. The tracers gave up your position so I'm a bit surprised Reyna didn't peek aiming at you.

This hold is all on two things: your aim and their slightly miss-timed entry. No one peeked on Reyna's Leer and no one traded her frag properly. Obviously, none of this takes anything from your performance in this clip.
No hate, but actually hate. almost nothing tilts me more than some dumbass delaying the defuse, I've seen it go off before, but even when it doesn't whats the point.

  
If it's unrated with friends then you do you though
You have terrible gunfight mechanic. You see enemy, you stop, you aim and then shoot when you should be seeing enemy, move, aim then stop and shoot. 

Then again a lot valorant players even some immos and radiants can’t grasp this concept lol
Yes, as long as you can stay there or even climb, you deserve the rank.
Does this include the new map rotation too?
someone invited me to a 4 stack and noone is speaking right now it's weird
I hate when a dizzy pops up. Instead of just shooting it, i just turn away which doesn’t make sense because i barely turn away from normal flashes🫠
your Potatoe pc also wont stop you too
It is an extra bullet if you heal above 40 hp. For example if you’re at 30 hp, you would die a single a bullet. You self heal to 60hp, so you then die to two bullets (40dmg from one bullet, and then the second bullet does the remaining the 20hp). 

As a sage main it doesn’t feel great to not be able to self heal more especially when you’re last alive. But considering how often I clutch, it still helps marginally. 

I do agree Sage is in a weak spot compared to other sentinels, it seems to a fine line between her kit being overly oppressive vs balanced.
yes, well, depends on the wall surface.  
If it's soft definitely bangable with Low-Medium penetration, if it's hard you cant unless with a high penetration weapon (Sheriff, Outlaw, Odin, Operator and Guardian) 

also depend on the angle you can wallbang through hard surfaces but that's another topic
Do you have some examples of the wallbangs being inconsistent?

\> why can I use SMGs to spam through corners of walls or thin ones and deal meaningful dmg (or nothing at all)

Walls have different materials. The amount of wall you shoot thru also determines the damage reduction. If you are shooting thru a thin light surface wall it'll do lots of damage even with ghost / spectre, but if you're trying to wallbang a radianite box with those same guns it probably won't penetrate meaningfully.

\> In which other game can you stay in a corner, start shooting and move into cover while still shooting through the corner and get a kill

What kind of complaint is this? Run and gun is objectively ineffective outside of close range, but jiggling angles and connecting spam is pretty common in tac shooters in general. CSGO and R6:Siege probably both exhibit this same gameplay. It happens to me very infrequently, are you perhaps bad at peeking and getting owned because of it?

Anyways, your complaints aren't really cogent, shooting thru walls is a key part of the gameplay loop and behaves pretty damn predictably.
They're speaking logically about him being a robot. They're not literally saying they should do that lmao
Phoenix and Clove , KILL ME 5 TIMES PER ROUND OR LOSE 
You’re the problem.
This is where Neon stores her 2 stuns
How come u r so sure?

Just curious if its really china exclusive?

Cuz i freaking love the knife .
It has ruin bp knife type animation and fire like elderflame+ its a fan  W
My arcane banner, no I’m not biased
This is 100% better when it comes to unlocking new agents since you can now store points and unlock agents on day 1, unless the kingdom points unlock is only available after the contract time has ended.
You can’t get reported for smurfing
Omen has this passive where he'll decide that the same TP location you've TPd to 1000 times before is suddenly unbefitting of an agent of his standing, so he'll let you know that he won't be TPing there this time, thanks, and pick another spot that's about 2 millimeters in any cardinal direction.
If you look on the pyramids, they actually have icons on them, I think a fish and a crab? I think Riot added them in the Breeze Rework to kind of try and stop people from calling then titties
Someone in a cheat discord naming themselves “Mechanically Gifted” is wild
amen to the fade thing. prowler has less health than a housefly. i get that she used to be super strong when it had more health but like… make it take 2 shots at least please😭
Sage was a beast, heal healed to full in just a second or two, even on herself. Wall was instant, that and her orbs were all like half the cost they are now. Ultimate cost less. Battle Sage was legitimate.
Cypher. Cypher is good.

otherwise it depends too much on the map really
Just be young or rich, if you're young with forgiving parents you could do like at least 6 hours a day on weekdays + 15 hours on weekends, if you're rich then.. well. You can really do whatever you want.
Didn't know the inside of cypher's cage has a shadow of his silhouette
We should implement not only a timeout in rank but also a kick. Having a 4v5 rather than a throwing player seems a lot more effective than having someone run up mid and just die with spike… and we get a free orb through them
It's not very fun to fight a character that just left out of 2 duels and still has full hp + full armor.
The new agent is The Friends We Made Along The Way?
Being able to purchase a sheriff pistol rounds and have that shield is the worst combo to face.
They are still timed and they may have not died in a good area to smoke. If you initiated B, then backed off but clove died that site they can’t reach A to smoke.
Bro magdumped him for even tryin' it
I do move a lot with the ult, might try just limiting to strafes
Chamber being french means he deserves every nerf until he can only buy a throwing croissant or a baguette knife every game
Lore accurate raze
People often say they know exactly what they're doing to make the most money, I get the thought makes sense. But sometimes someone or a team of someones at a company just make poor decisions/oppose change. Like why are there so many skins in the game now but there's still only 4 market slots for the past however many years?
picking up gun can be difficult because you won't see it on your mini map, you can see bomb, but if you are going for a gun, you can easily miss it where as the bomb you can instantly drop right on top of it and cancel or get shot at and it cancels your TP ult anyways
Rippp. More motivation to try and hit immo before that happens then I guess. I just need about a good 6 win streak lol
It's funny, we can tell that you're drunk by the negative reaction time and the weird shooting, nice ace tho
there’s like a secret agent (or agent 8), if you look to brimstone, viper, omen, cypher, Sova, the earlier agents aka before number 8, the numbers are correct. we know this cuz in a valorant cinematic there’s a locker for the eighth agent, so just think of it as an agent who in the lore exists, but we don’t know who they are and they aren’t a playable character. idk if they ever plan to release the agent so it makes more sense, but im almost 100 percent sure that “smoke dancer” is not gonna be agent 8
Everyone else: "We must stand strong together men. Grip the fear in your fist and hold it tight. Our might as a team will pull us through to victory against this vile attempt at an aggressive play"

Reyna: ↪️🏃
We only call it a smoke when your team goes for 5 duelists and then Jett says "no prob guys I got smokes hehehe"
Average Englishman
like 2k I think now, been playing since beta, so never missed a battlepass. unhealthy adiction :')
In Runescape, we have something similar, called Vulnerability Bombs, which 
To shorten it, we just say "Vuln" so you could use that
Very quick and easy and just 1 syllable
There are details on walls that indicate roughly where it is, some are bit higher or lower, very few of them are perfectly on the head level, but they are there and help a lot.

Boxes are another indicator, the radianite boxes on sites and medium wooden crates are the exact same height as agents - so aim just slightly below their edge.

You can learn where the indicators are in customs, preferably you do it with a friend that will hold some angles so that you also learn how to keep holding head height while you move and aim. Or do it in DM, but that might get bit too hectic and not let you focus on it as much.

Konpeki also has a great video about it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vKfPS0OlGA
little freak
As well, the extra movement speed is often worth it *even when you are fighting.* For example, when you want to get back into cover, pulling out knife and doing a jump strafe can be the only way to survive.
Wouldn't fit the aesthetic but I can't get the concept of a normal dude out of my head. No powers, util like a mirror that he can look around corners with or a night vision style ult that looks through smokes. Name is Dave
hot damm
The skill floor of the game has definitely raised since the game was released
So you're saying something else dealt atleast 499.5 damage, are you a pleb ?
you already know why the clip ended at 4...
Literally didn’t learn shit other than this guy is trying to get people into his discord
Valorant is a bloom-based shooter (CS, Halo, Fortnite), not a crosshair recoil based shooter (CoD, battlefield, etc). 

Specifically, it is a non-random bloom (unlike halo/fortnite that use pure RNG bloom cone, it is like CS. So bloom goes vertically when you fire, in a specific pattern) when standing still and firing, and RNG bloom (just standard bloom cone like a CoD hipfire, halo/fortnite spray cone, CS moving in accuracy cone, etc) when moving. 

You can turn on shooting error graph in settings, and it’ll show if you are firing while moving, while standing still, or spraying (firing before first shot error has reset). Which can be helpful for new players.

You also get RNG
Being a baiter and 0 impact kills
Always has been
Clove because im a duelist main and when people see smoke they see a solid wall there and very often you can catch someone off guard. Then, when i die like an idiot i can still throw smokes.
NA servers as well. I think it’s because the player count has gone way up, and they dish out bans much more than they used to for verbal attacks. People also get worried they get insta reported by toxic teammates if they talk.
Hall was a great way to lurk, now that it’s cut off I don’t understand the point of the drop mechanic or the point of leaving hall open anyways. It should’ve been just closed off. Stairs isn’t a position that needs to be defended by the door anymore making that switch useless. 

I guess you can argue that the offense can close the door and eliminate it for retake, but at that point you’re basically telling the enemy someone is stairs or close CT. 

Breeze is just weird. I prefer the old version so much more
There were CS pros back in the day who did something similar, I believe using space bar, because it allows you to shoot without changing your mouse grip at all, so if it works for you hell yeah!
Yeah but the reality is most people still wouldn't be able to do it if they went through the same process. Some people just have better hereditary motorical skills than others, hence the term gifted.
Shields. Why not armor under the shield layer? Lack of mobility/ weight would be my best guess
damn. they really did go crazy wtf? it's possible they are just a bunch of immortals smurfing or playing on their alts. at least it's unrated and not ranked haha
2 weeks! Thats amazing! Love the jump at the end!
>>> designed to be a pubstomp agent
>>> Stomps pubs

I see no issue
It was possible in the past, but they changed it so 5 stacks only fight 5 stacks now.
Controller instalocker wow! I hope I have one of those in my games lol. I normally wait for people to pick their agent so I end up playing controller myself very often. I don’t mind too much because I like playing Omen but yeah… not EVERY game.
Lots of players are toxic gamers who are still teens and kids, they have yet to grow up and even some adults haven't, so they all end up with a big ego since Valorant is the only worthwhile achievement they had made.
Just browsing /new for a few mins haha
I doubt it. Another agent with a camera ability seems like it’s infringing a bit much on Cypher’s archetype.
"You will not kill my allies" 🤡
Deathmatch doesn't have the kind of skill based matchmaking you'll find in ranked. You could have gone against high elo players.
april first spray
>Wow. People are friendly  


Nothing can be further from the truth.  


The anti-cheat though. One of the best if not **THE BEST** that I ever encountered in a F2P game.
I've reported several people that were being toxic and usually in about two days I get the message at the Home Screen saying that they were reprimanded. Now, idk if it's because other users also reported them in the same game
What rank is this lol.  I don't think it would work very well outside of lower ranks unless you have a bunch of teammates applying pressure mid here just as a distraction

fun clip tho
I don’t want to remove anyone from the game. I think all the agents are neat. 

But I just started playing less than two weeks ago and I’ve noticed that Reyna is in almost all of my games. 

I hardly ever see Astra, or Harbor. 
It shoots marshmallows. Used to be a spectre bonus round buyer, now it’s ares.
I think even the real low elos (bronze, silver, gold) are better than they used to be as well
Complimenting your teammates is literally a cheatcode to winning
I wonder how respectful the community will be after a while. I mean Val players aren't known for being the most level people out there
Because Sova can't build for shit that's why
i bind it to my right click (I have no mouse side buttons)
It's because they play this way they are in low elo and vice versa. They probably won't be getting out of low elo any time soon either. Everyone just wants to run people down for kills
If smokes or 1 hp heal from Skye count as an assist, then breaking Iso's shield should definitely count as an assist.
Same the fastest way is to do unrated but if you go 0-12 you just wasted more than half an hour because wins only count
I feel like people are not reading this. He is nor quitting solely because of the controversy, but because full time streaming was basically making him feel guilty whenever he planned time off, cause he would loose subscribers. Basically numbers got to him and he tried to please everyone by pushim himself.


While I still think his controversy was in some ways justified, he is clearly just a dude who needed a wake up call to get his life priorities in place. I hope he is happy and can find a good balance between personal and game time.
Personally, I don’t think cypher and kj are overpowered, the others are underpowered. deadlock isn’t doing too bad, but still doesn’t measure up to cypher and kj. Chamber and sage are both very weak on their own and aren’t viable unless paired with another sentinel, which double sentinel isn’t used much iirc. We all know what happened to chamber, and sage just can’t keep enemy’s off site like others can
Rebibe me jett, rebibe me
I'm in high diamond/asc, when we get to the bonus round we play like rats, holding corners and right in the site because we usually have SMG and shotty. As long as you kill 3 or so players it's a win because the economy hit is really huge.
Cypher getting payback for all the death he has on every cinematics.
Not really, they were shooting at you so they knew you were defusing. A ninja defuse is when they don't realize you were defusing until last second when you're done
He says he has better than diamond aim. Should be enough to get out of bronze
This is funny ak fuck
like in my profile picture
Not getting their favorite weapon skin.

The person constantly asked if he could get my skin, so at first I just gave them my skin. However, eventually they started to screw with the econ, since even if they already had that weapon, they just threw it on the ground because it didn't have their favorite skin equipped and then asked for my skin. I said "you already have a weapon, this just wastes our credits".

And then, well... the dipsh*t started throwing, as well as sabotaging the team.
Its just playing with friends, in a game that doesnt get old. To me its similar to a game of chess, the same scenarios are rarely seen and every round is fresh.
They are boosting the diamond guys, this bronze dude is definitely a smurf on this account, same goes for the unranked accounts
I have to work 17-18 hours to buy the biggest bundle.
i also use this wall.

it's not benefiting the viper, it's benefiting the team

it blocks off stairs and heaven and makes a path towards site. if you die it's completely your fault, not viper's because YOU'RE trying to push
When I play deadlock I put sensors in choke points rather than flanks. This way when the enemy tries pushing site and shooting, they get concussed. I think placing her sensors on flank is a waste of util.
Spraying in cs isn’t luck based it has spray patterns, val has luck based sprays.
Yeah its a huge change to how he's played. Having his signature abilities ready before first contact is completely different from if they are only on-kill steroids.
Yes her util is hard/needs a lot of teamplay and addtionally you are "blind" while using it.
Comes up a lot.

[https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/search/?q=too+old&type=link&cId=d88402d2-5ac5-4af7-802c-b2ec3f04605c&iId=cafd7ff8-dce3-4e4c-bd8a-ef12aa1194b5](https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/search/?q=too+old&type=link&cId=d88402d2-5ac5-4af7-802c-b2ec3f04605c&iId=cafd7ff8-dce3-4e4c-bd8a-ef12aa1194b5)

Not too old. Just need older Val friends to group up with maybe? or just ignore em.

I'm 39. I put in hundreds of hours into this game. Maybe not so much recently. But my age has come up 0 times.
not bad
Jett's age by RiotKingKut doing multiple Amas on discord and reddit. [Link](https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/nrjner/comment/h0gw3oz/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)

Neon's age was confirmed at 19 SOMEWHERE but I can't find where, so argueably that's not true. 

To be fair all we know is that they were both recruited at 19-ish and Jett was recruited first, making her older.
“Careful now!”
I honestly couldnt care less about the player who doesnt comm with raw aim, as long as they drop 25-30
Riot has answered this in the past, but essentially the way they designed the range is that it takes up the same resources as any other game. To have the ability to queue in the range would drastically increase the amount of active "range games" and overload servers with low player-density matches.

Their server infrastructure may have changed since, I am not sure.
Win your fights then lol
Easiest way to get kills is just put your Crosshair in the wall and then press A or D to max speed swing into him with your crosshair without having to move the mouse and just tapping his head. People still do this shit in pro matches lol
Big w hope to see him in immortal soon :)
So your first post got deleted, and you thought posting the exact same thing would be ok? Lol
i didnt even notice the gin buddy
Interestingly, did you know professional racers have the fastest reaction time?

They definitely train their reaction time, but I'm wondering if the fact that your eyes are constantly scanning the road if their brain is never out of stimulation. Then you combine that with alertness from adrenaline as well.

I love science when it helps you in things you didn't expect much science to come from (initially)!
It’s also seems to particularly be the iron to immortal/radiant challenge smurfs that he’s talking about as well. He tried to do something involving low elo 5 stacks and they got like 3 games in a row or something against bots deranking for the sole purpose of being sold for iron to immortal challenges.
i used to be that kind of nerd myself and that's not the concern most nerds have with it; main concern is getting backdoor'd using it.

That fear doesn't really go away, you just sort of stop thinking about it the less time you spend on sketchy sites.
Really? The reaver phantom is by far my favorite of all the reavers. The metallic sound to a gun that’s normally shooting pees always pleased me
Way better than CS, that's for sure.
*"Cum"*  


\-Viper
Surprised people aren't mentioning it, but if you've genuinely tried to improve for a year and see no improvement, there's a very real possibility you're limited by hardware.

Just a general, somewhat ordered checklist of the most important things off the top of my head:

* Are you playing with Vsync off?

* Are you using an actual gaming mouse? (wired or 2.4ghz with a reputable sensor, NOT BLUETOOTH)

* Is your monitor input-lag free? (Easiest to be TN panel if budget was <$400 or so, otherwise you probably have a crappy IPS. Hard to tell a good IPS from a bad one because it wasn't something on the spec sheet for a while, probably look into "Fast IPS")

* Is your sensitivity low enough, and do you have enough space to use that sensitivity? (refer to pro eDPI ranges)

* Are you getting ~300 fps normally?

* Are you on a PC? Gaming laptops are somewhat tolerable, but they introduce input lag noticeable at a higher level through either a slower IPS panel (yes, even the high refresh rate ones) or through monitor output if using it like a desktop (due to rendering needing to go through the CPU after the dGPU processing). You'd still see improvement though given the rest of the bullet points
We'll be making a change on this in patch 8.11 by adding all maps back into Unrated, Swiftplay, Spike Rush, and Escalation queues. More detail here:

[https://x.com/VALORANT/status/1793310892374778012](https://x.com/VALORANT/status/1793310892374778012)
I don’t really think that’s true, if you have a one trick Jett I don’t think he would be able to play Astra or something at a Radiant level.
Expand your own viper ult to counter and won the rat duel , It is not the best way but is one of the funniest one
yeah that's mb 

I should've highlighted the part where the guy explained it
In a 1v1, the enemy cypher threw his camera around a corner. Our teammate turned to shoot the camera, only to get immediately swung and shot by Cypher. They typed in chat “Got you with the cypher flash.”
You want to make the community less toxic, add phone number registration for ranked. Someone gets banned they just hop on another account for a week or two and do the same thing on that account. Would also diminish the amount of smurfs in the game, who are usually toxic to lower rated players. You could also add a stricter party queue system so there are at least 3 people on a team that are solo'd so they out number the group. Trios should only be able to be matched with duos.
I think the reason hs% at least is because your opponents movement improves as well
The problem is people think they know what they’re doing but 9 times out of ten their plan is just shit
Yes, and it wouldn't be close.
yo, same experience here (was in China during the summer). Here's what I gathered from queueing with native Chinese players in high elo. 

1. Regarding toxicity and reporting, many are relatively loud, especially in Southern China, since they're playing out of internet/gaming cafes (bad mics, loud environment, etc.) I was on my own setup, but this is what my teammates told me. However, they were quite nice and accommodating to me, as someone speaking pretty poor Chinese. I actually experienced minimal toxicity, finding that the players were much nicer than my native NA servers and also Taiwan servers which I also tried. They were happy to try and translate to English as best as possible. Did run into a couple foreigners on the server, mostly on VPNs. Chinese players are all quite pleasant towards foreigners or English speakers, and were always pretty nice to me. I tried pretty much every server.
2. Agent names are all related to their English names, or at least their abilities. For example, Jett has the Mandarin character for "wind" in her name. Also, the characters for the operator are 大狙 if i'm not mistaken. 
3. The store likely offered more bundles as they are trying to catch up to the offerings on main servers, if i'm not mistaken. 
4. Launcher UI is very nice, and especially extremely friendly towards the blossoming Valorant eSports scene in China. Obviously it's not comparable to others like LoL but it is quite sizable. 
5. I played relatively early on, so players were mostly still transferring from CSGO. They used utility less and relied on mechanics more, so lots of game sense transferred from NA servers were kind of thrown out the window in favor of mechanics for me. I thought my mechanics improved overall lol. This was in High Plat to low Immortal. Meta was quite different as well. Gekko in particular was really popular for me. 
6. Account creation is quite strict, as the QQ and WeChat accounts need to be age verified 18+) if you want to play outside of weekend evenings. 

Overall I enjoyed my experience. I actually kinda look forward to playing on their servers again.
Not a Sova player whatsoever, but one of my fav voice lines in the game is one of his. 

"If you're not a good shot today, don't worry. There are other ways to be useful."

Think it's a great reminder that fits the character to try and stay positive ingame, even if things might not go well.
New update: whenever you kill an enemy, your agent drops to their knees, sobbing and unable to continue with the mission as they have to think about what they've done.
Point blank, yes. I say 5m is pushing it. It's run and gun like lesser than 3m for me
I disagree that a duelist's role is to frag out. Their role is to create space and help their team take site. Kills often come when their team uses util correctly, thus resulting in a lot of kills
That's the difference between people who play as a hobby and people who play with the goal of being pro. There's levels, same as in martial arts or programming. I do think that just like in martial arts, just learning from mistakes, and getting advice from more qualified people can help a ton.
In this clip I have attached to this post, This clip shows why the option of kicking teammates is necessary in Valorant.  
Long Story Short, this cypher on our team was toxic since round 1 of defending.  When in response we finally retaliated he instantly started throwing the game and it got even worse when the side switched and he would pick up the spike and tell the opponents to hide from us. The enemy team also acknowledged that ( I don't blame them) which made the game a thousand times harder to play.  
We reported him as well but we don't believe anything will happen. He constantly gave our locations in all chat which was no help either.  
His Tag is  " TGB Naruto #gamer ".  
Idk what will even happen by posting this here.  
I guess I am just really done with the game cause it is a very frequent occurrence to get players like these. It is very frustrating to get players like him on the team and play the game.

My demand is not unreasonable either since the counterpart of this game, CS2 has had a kicking system for years.  
Again IDK what can even happen by posting this here but I hope this player gets punished.
Astra with 5 stars
What were they all doing?
that looks so intentional holy shit
Tarik and Hiko are the only dudes I'll watch oh and what's his name acre the dog, he's fucking adorable. Not really into saying who I don't like cus fuck em.
This is the same stuff that happens when new league champions come out as well. The smokes are like omens smokes but that's where the "copying" ends.  I also think she can't smoke as far as omen can either so she's not as good at it. 

So far from what has been show cased it looks like she is rather balanced and will probably be a bit niche but way too early to tell ofc
smurfs in my team 🥴

smurfs on the enemt team 👺
Enemy players are clueless (gold or plat )
#WOT ARE YA DOIN IN MAH SWAMP
this was a good clip, these people really expect every immortal game to look like pro play when they’ve peaked plat 1 💀
Also in the death recap, me and my friends have noticed that sometimes it'll show the enemy as having done less damage to us than it would've taken to kill us. Like for example, if I have full armor, the recap will show me as having died from 120 damage or something. Makes no sense.
On Pearl, you can place it on the street lamps and light around the map. Make for some crazy spots
It's like letting wingman to plant cause he's cute
You can join looking for team valorant discord server, a lot of the groups or even people just looking for a duo will be over 20, even over 25. Just look around in the looking for group discord server, that’s the best way.
no need for all that just make his trip global or give him one more
Thr only default variant which is better than upgreaded imo is the neo-frontier sheriff (revolver).

Kuronami black/red variant is supreme.
Someone picked phoenix n awped the whole game just cuz i picked his brim 💀. We won btw.
Tbf if youre rolling over the top of a team then its pointless to play 13 rounds out, might as well have them ff and move on to the next that might be better practice against
“Valorant is a tactical shooter with **precise** gunplay” 

cap of the millennium
Pretty much this. Bait team and kill a bunch of low hp enemies, or flash and rush as defender to get a kill or 2 before you die and then leave site empty for taking. Both of which means you'll lose in the end.
The obvious one would be "here cones the party!" Right? Too obvious?
Your post motivated me to write "Ez" more often right before the match ends, so no one has the time to answer my "Ez". Pure bliss.

Edit: I would actually never say Ez when the game was Ez, only when it was a close one and I performed poorly.
So what does he do when primary clip is out of ammo in a middle of a fight?
God damn, why are you at 9 mins LMAO
I wish we still had replication (and snowball fight which I never got to play) at least as a possible game mode for customs even if it never comes back as a main game mode.
This is hysterical

I wonder does it still blind if you go through it
Just weird people out there man. If it’s not important then it shouldn’t be an issue to those people right? Lmao
that looks rainy and depressed
Isn't this the same thing they say every year?
That happened.

Teammate A: Jett on a long

Teammate B: Hey anyone trans by chance?
Pearl is probably my favorite map sucks that it’s been gone for so long
I love astra and her kit. But I have no fucking clue what she’s saying most of the time. My friend can actually annoy me because she can do her “WOOOOOOOO!” Voice line Damn near perfectly
Bro just uploaded gameplay footage.
booting up valorant lol
Radiant is like being a D1 college basketballer. Only the best college players are at that level, but only the best D1 players will be any good as pros.


All radians are better than almost anyone else at the game, but professional players are another level above that. Being radiant means that he might have been able to have a crack at pro play, but is no guarantee he would have been successful 
the bigger the crosshair the bigger the bullets, no wonder this guy hits these
The rocks effect feels like a great evolution from the kuronami skin line. The cracked effect is also really cool and gives a good incentive to chase for the top of the leaderboard. But I do think that the colors of the base skin feel too aggressive and clash with one another; particularly the gold accents on the magazine and the white highlights on the grip and stock. 

Regardless, many thanks to the team for keeping the skin innovation going! Excited to see the skin in game
I believe the line was

Anyone need a glass of ice cold water to wake you up?
Holy shit. When people said that the difference was "pretty noticeable" I was like "meh, probably a waste of money" Until I saw how fucking insane this shit is. 60hz feels like absolute shit now and I don't think I can ever go back. It's like playing a whole new game. If you're considering getting a 144hz, do it right now, you will not be upset.

>!Yes it is 100% worth it.!<
lifeweaver has some pretty nice muscles idk
at first i thought this was about how unbalanced all your credits are between your team and how you guys never buy together
I looked into it abit more, and after some exposition, i believe he is a hypocrite. He said that he doesnt condone smurfs and such but he kinda smurfed as well after he made that vow of no smurfing. If you look at E7:A1, he started to play comp again after boycotting comp for the botting account issues. Heres a reddit post about it:

[https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/143lomo/woohoojin\_is\_cancelling\_all\_ranked\_streams\_until/](https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/143lomo/woohoojin_is_cancelling_all_ranked_streams_until/)

If you see some of the games, he played 5 man with his viewers which is fine, 5 stack is 5 stack, it doesnt matter. it might be for content who carss.

but some games afterwards he queue'd with a smurf:  
[https://imgur.com/a/vOeu7rI](https://imgur.com/a/vOeu7rI)

It turns to be JeyG on his plat alt account, this is the T3 sub chat atm:

[https://imgur.com/a/7NlerrL](https://imgur.com/a/7NlerrL)

If you want to look at the alt account stats:

[https://imgur.com/a/7NlerrL](https://imgur.com/a/7NlerrL)

So much for no smurfing mate. I also recently found out that his raze to radiant series is with him queueing with dopai's immortal alt which is shameless asf. 

Note: The SS'ed on T3 sub chat was a long time ago. I SS'ed it due to it being cringe and ironic. I did planned on making a post about it if he made another "smurf is cringe" statement
Exactly
Yes, one of the best initiators for newer players.
Purely lore-wise, they would just ran back to him in-between rounds, like a group of lost puppies
gotcha okay! good to know. Ya true, being a youtuber makes this shit kinda hard tho when I put it up to judgement at the end of the day. ty for the kind words <3
Children or not, it’s still not right to do to someone. Their actions have consequences, and someone’s gotta teach them that.
Fade, raze, Skye, sova, kayo
Maybe you are bad at it right now

It takes practice, but it's the most consistent way. If you want to be cracked, keep at it. If not? Honestly it doesn't matter.
Bronze discipline
give me an option to automatically start spectating a party member after i die
Yes, and the voice also just fits really well.
I've been maining Brim for months now, and have been playing a lot of Clove.

I think on paper they sound OP, but in use, it's fairly well balanced.

* 2 Brim size smokes that regenerate... but they last a couple seconds shorter.
* A Reina-like heal, but it feels more temporary (Idc for sure)
* And they have a self revive, but is so short, if my killer is dead, I sometimes struggle to find an opponent in time.

With Clove, I can use the smokes just as effectively, but with Brim I get little effective use from the stim/fire. I have a bigger impact with Clove's heal and revive.

I think one of the few abilities that isn't necessary for balance is Clove's smokes after death. I think I just oppose how some characters like Jet have passive abilities, while most don't. Are they really balanced? Or just gimmicky?

Also note, I also like when other people are playing Clove. I hope they are a popular smoker, even if I am not playing them. It means I can return to Skye who I mained most of my time in Valorant.
fast flick = neuron activation
just saying but anyone who watched him played that he's either not radiant or is incredibly washed.Most radiants don't just lose their mechanics after switching a agent and get to asc  not to mention his so called advanced tips,In one video he says jumping to breeze's b elbow wall to be high level tip.it's funny how this so long though
As someone from Argentina, yap, completely unaffordable. They'd actually make more money if they lowered the prices for these regions, I and so many others would actually consider it.
As much as it may be needed, make sure all comms are turned off. The stuff she’ll get told/already has been told is stuff she should never have to hear
1 frame early damn
If you look for a vandal imo kuronami/araxys/xenofang take the spot for it

Phantom is either recon/neo frontier or oni
cypher states that he knows that sova is being secretive, as he lied in his background file. Sova basically says that cypher is worse, as he either didn't submit one or took his
That's Kayo
thats so logical, yet ive never thought about it
Help them use their abilities, ask them to synergise with you. 
- come with me, If i swing out, you trade me
- can you flash here/smoke here
- hold angle with me
- crossfire with me
- I’m going to YOLO, can you follow me?
- i look left, you look right
- let’s try that again
Just so you know, the darker one is the real one.
Yes. With hidden mmr you can lose on wins and gain on losses, that’s why it’s hidden and you have a second visual rank so players don’t get demotivated from playing.
No riot gun buddy?!
alright lets convert 8700 vp into my currency... oh! it says "too expensive for your poor ass to buy" damn.
Unless they're going for kills and intentionally don't defuse
Play 2 deathmatches a day after your ranked games, don't play over 5 games a day. Watch woohoojin's movement guide
Origin vandal, 1775 credits. Just have to pray it rotates into your store now.
Why am I only good at this game when I'm in a lost match?

We win? I have 0.5 kd and get 2rr

We lose? I get match mvp with 2.5 kd and I lose 40rr
Thank you for your service
I'm a guy and I tried this using a voice filter. Thought it would be fun... it was horrendous. It's been a while now and I still have the constant fear "that dude" might find my IRL address.
I wouldn't even argue with that man. Tbh, those 4 were easy to read that game but I think that's normal 'cause I'm in gold-plat lobbies anyway. The omen was good tho idk why he tp-ed aggressively right in front of me without using any flash utility.
On that note, can the enemy hear when you drop the spike?
Extremely, apparently.
Yours should disown you for being not only reddit, but let alone the VALORANT SUBREDDIT.
I guess it's okay if you're only interested in training your static clicking via strafing.

If this is supposed to simulate peeking/swinging, it doesn't really work because the enemies are still visible to you before you fully swing the imaginary angle. You're better off using the defuse scenario on hard because it gets you into the mental groove of peeking smart and focusing on your crosshair placement. 

DM is a bit more practical for warming up because you're consciously focusing on map-related angles that are applicable to actual comp games. Swinging imaginary angles in the shooting range isn't going to help much. 

People on this sub weirdly don't like getting this advice, but you'd improve a lot faster if you used something like Aimlabs or Kovaaks as well.
not using ghost instead of actually hitting the jump
Look at this fucking idiot, doesn’t know what rank…

\*finishes spinning\* 

Damn maybe *I’m* the idiot
You can instalock any agent as long as you don't force others to play agents they don't want
Let's go
Good 

- everyone else
god forbid you actually help your team win the round
Depending on the area, you get the "less likely to get hate crimed" buff
That line really does go the hardest. Not really even much of a contest.
yeah 100% it’s duelists ppl would be wayyyy better off running double initiator in low elo bc initiator is lowkey most important in those ranks bc knowing where someone is so important for low rank players who dont expect where enemies might be too well
The very first night market I got Oni phantom for 49% off. still the biggest win in valorant
they make it harder for themselves and blame everyone else
They're throwing slurs at each other of regions of they're from and insulting each other's mothers.
Tarik has set the bar so high up for valorant, it is almost impossible for others to break in.
Might be a sin to say. Some people like an individualistic play style and recognize that your role is to get kills and entry frag needing to use that style to help the team.
Yeap. Got to diamond 1 as brim by dropping smokes and entrying for the team :\
Iso is pretty cool.

Gecko could be a bit better but still good if tweaked 

Harbor is good in full teams

Only questionable agent is deadlock
“I am well aware of the effect I have on women and men.”
Omen leaves the protocol to go on a self discovery adventure

Then he adopts a kid
Yes, it's always this bland (the previous BP was VERY good compared to what we usually get, such as the new BP)

And Yes, if you want anything more than the skin itself (you want reload animations, different sfx, finishers...) you have to pay $20+ indeed.
Just wait until your whole team is locked before selecting an agent. They each could have chosen to play smokes but decided not to. You are now allowed to use your smokes however you like.
I just ended a game where players started calling me "Sir" after they realized that "Bro" might sound inappropriate. Was fun.
TBH neither.   Harbor can be good but requires a bit more gamesense to get good value for a beginner.   Gekko is gimmicky and skye or fade can approximate his util but provide more value . What makes you think they suit your playstyle?  Based off your answer we can give you better recommendations.
Cooked
Yeah if u spray ur phantom it leads to head. Thats why i only use phantom 😎
Ya same I’ve gotten the point in my collection where I only buy the champions bundles or exclusive 1 time offer skins. 

Although this bundle is insane as hell. At this price point I’m out
that's why I love it
I have had teammates give me good calls when I was the last one alive, but I will not be able to concentrate if they talk too much and it'll then cost us the round.
ur aim is so chill omfg
Skill issue
Bros in dirt 2 lobby
Ppl fighting 🧠0️⃣
As a cypher main for the past 2 years his cages are fine. He has to spend a guaranteed 600 credits every defense round for his setup
Hahaha. Seeing that viper get clapped hurt a lil tho
Yoru’s “combo” abilities are just harder to land compared to other agents. I love yoru but timing your flashes and teleport and where you put them are more difficult I think.
This guy scares me
Least horny Valorant player lolz. Mute and report. Probably some weirdo kid having a hormone overdose.
Use your util to break util??? What is this concept you speak of
TIL i've been deadzoning unconciously for a long time now
Mute instantly tbh. No amount of info will help you when they're being toxic. Tough luck but you gotta do what you gotta do.
There was some wind
players in plat have 0 clue about the game. i am one of them
You're given a shit ton of VP to buy the skins you want to use in the matches, but you don't have enough VP to buy every single skin.
This sounds exactly like when I sent the new guy at work to find me some whole grain gnocchi  (for those of you who don't cook it's made of potatoes)
Holy hell has she been on a rise lately. I used to hate playing against the good Cyphers, I might hate the deadlock mains even more. 

If they get that plant down, it feels like GG.
Anyone who can invalidate his trips.

For example, Sova’s a good counter against cypher because his shocks can break trips directly. Raze is also decent because the grenade can break trips.

Another idea is to send util to trigger the trips for you, then break them while trip is triggered. For example, you can send a Yoru clone to trigger a trip, then break the trip after the clone hits it. Some other util like this would be fade dog and skye dog. 

Sometimes you might have to hold the fact that cypher’s got a good setup and you need to enter carefully.
Ur doing great. 
Quick tip however just keep ur crosshair where u are looking! I know ur not watching the ground ur looking at where the enemies might be, right? So if u just let ur crosshair naturally follow where ever ur looking ur gonna have a much easier time as u wont need to move the mouse u just need to shoot! This tip helped me a bunch when i started.
Take a break and walk around
It was added in the new patch (8.01) so I played around with it
Yeah, people who obsess over scores and tracker.gg stats are actively harming their own chances at improving in this game. Like, I get why. It's easy to see games and your own skill in terms of number of kills, but I'll take an 11/15 Omen with good game sense over a 23/12 Jett that creates no space for her team any day.
He’s a robot throwing a knife. It should do 100 if it hits you. Or kill your abilities for the rest of the round.
Ironic that it's called defiance
I’m honestly surprised that the suppressed weapons aren’t all made by the same manufacturer
They don’t no scope obv but they switch right when they take the shot. Two reasons higher elo tend to hit those shots more often: 1) they have better centering with an op (basically aiming center mass). 2)  they’ve been playing at a higher skill level longer than most so they simply have better aim when it comes to time to need to flick the shot for whatever reason. It all comes down to practice and putting in the hours by playing the game 🤷‍♂️
This is insightful actually, cheers
"Sage, revive the patient. They died at op room 201 on the right wing"
Never really played against anything higher than plat so can't guess the rank from his gameplay
maybe you're in iron but ur art is radiant level fire 
That sova should be reminded that aimlabs is free omg
What you could do that might help is when you buy your gun you instantly pull your knife out , so maybe noone see's that you have a skin.
My friend likes phantom because it's more accurate than vandal, slightly more ammo and you can spray through smoke

I like vandal better because I'm tired of seeing me hitting the enemy for 140 to the head and die
You know what? I think Omen might be Paul.
I’m pretty sure all knives when held by another player only appear as the base upgrade level. And for the Blade of the Ruined King, that means it’s unfinished.
Because not everyone here played csgo??
You've just explained the reason people pick her.

At ranks where you can't trust your teammates will be good, a character that can blind for her own kills, heal herself, and retreat safely after winning a 1v1 is fairly attractive.
Headshotting an ulting Raze and then jumping over her rocket without dying!
This and why is the draw for OT not discounted to the team with less players to choose if they want to continue
actually funny story about this line today 

I was playing in a game and the whole lobby was vibing and winning and having a good time and we just saying on how good our team was

and then this freaking voiceline popped up XD
Thanks!
i watched this without audio on but that last pre-aim was so good.
Imo the part that is not fun is “staying alive”. The controller staying alive heavily influences the outcome of the game, especially omen cause he’s got regenerative smokes.
And if each enemy is atleast 10 tag it's instant kill sp good if the enemies are slightly tagged
what nostalgia bruh
Same it's disgusting
His teammate was, in fact, not Cracked.
this is actually a really good way of putting it
Maybe this controller can place smokes after dying 🫥
No... They don't?
You often play Harbor+Judge? Looks like a good strategy.
the replay system jokes are out of control
Does anyone here know when they have fixed the issue? I wanna see what trash I got.
take a break brudda
Right I literally had a bottom frag Reyna rush spike every round, refuse to give it to me, then rush site without waiting on the team and die immediately.......

Like bro I can literally plant and shoot at the same time.......let the little homie wingman plant
I wish the bear was more like her pet, less of a mortal enemy she was sent to hunt down.
CS had persued console multiple times before. It just never stuck.
I missed icebox but holy fuck breeze changes are stupid
91.5% of the playerbase is better than iron 3's.
30.5% of the playerbase is better than gold 3's.

Doesn't matter how long they have played, if they played since launch and are in iron, they definitely belong there.

If they haven't improved in 3 years there is definitely something really wrong (pc, peripherals, sensitivity/other settings, gamesense&aim)
Tarik single handedly carrying Valorant viewership
Still up in my heart
Agent abilites are cool to me, lobbies are most likely to communicate, seems easier to do strats and actually play the game properly and I like the game changing a bit every patch, there's probably more to it but that's what I can think of right away
Genuinely a skill issue. Cypher wires have been shit for a while as they were insta destroyed by yoru clone, prowler, dog, roomba etc. he needed this change just learn to actually shoot the wire
Omen is the best agent to clutch, and the best hard counter against an omen is a bang duelist like yoru or phoenix
These people on the comments actualy taking OP joke serious is hurting my brain
It happened in a VCT tournament between DRX and FPX. FPX was dominating the match until the score reached 9-3. After that DRX pulled off a comeback while FPX sat on 9 till the end
Do it enough times and he get banned though.
You want to play, let’s play 💅
"Rebibe me Jett", "Open up the Skye" or "g-g-g-g-give me a corpse".
Since when was Mumbai fun 💀
You cant be in party chat and speak in game at the same time so people just choose their friends over in game call outs which is completely fair. Xbox and PS need to work out how to get push to talk whilst in a party working.
Nice. But get into the habit of tapping heads or spraying at heads. Body spraying will work in lower elo, but you'll discover when you hit diamond everyone just shoots heads and it becomes harder to win gunfights if you only shoot bodies
Doesn’t mean he can’t be helpful. Not sure what all this desperation to tear him down is. If you don’t like him, just don’t watch him? Are comments on a thread really that disruptive to your daily life? 
All of Breaches abilities are high impact (litteraly) and fun to use.
The same happened to me and my brother we did good in our placements always positive and even won some of the placements, like 3/4 I top fragged and he was right behind me. But the game dragged us all the way down to silver 1 and silver 2 👁️👄👁️
Valorant doesn’t need to counterstrafe for accuracy, you can just let go of movement key to shoot. Shooting in Valorant is easier than in CS so everyone can seem like gods even at low ranks. You have to outplay them in other ways.
How much rr did you get
Does riot know that the classic, frenzy, ghost, and shorty exist? Another sheriff skin
“this is such a nice experience” i wanna know how to get this experience
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
So this whole action is called quick switching, it is actually a CSGO thing. In CSGO(and cs2) we have the “q” to quickly switch to the last weapon you used, be it knife or pistol. 

This would work a little different in Valorant as you would actually use the number keys (above qwerty). 

You can practice in the range and try to quickly press the number key(3 -> 1 back to OP) or directly to pistol(2) after shooting.

It takes a long time to get those super fast reactions but practice will help :)

Also, there is nothing cringe in using the OP, its a weapon that exists, and people who fail to fight it will always get salty.
wood 1 lobby
Better than all the complaining about ranked posts
I've seen a lot of Deadlock and she's really fun. Whether or not she's good... Well, it seems to be a pretty alright map for her
well，the rumors about the new melee is exclusive for China have no evidence at all.And if you know some chinese you will know there was no statement about it is exclusive.And using logic we will know there is no reason to make it exclusive,for less money and draw hate for chinese?
And as i said,the really situation is"全球同步首发"，and we will see the result in few days.
Anyway,I'm just shocked about how this rumors without any evidence spread so quickly and no one to verify it.
There's no simple, binary, one-fits-all answer.

Like, if an agent is highly picked but objectively provides an appropriate power level while the rest of the options don't, then the answer would be to buff other agents. Conversely, if other agents *should* be totally viable but this one particular agent's kit is just way too overloaded, then the answer is to nerf them instead.

But more interestingly, there are way more possible answers to the problem. What if the map pool just emphasizes the agent's strengths too much? Maybe we should change the map rotation instead. What if there are just no agents that provide some crucial function that this agent does? Maybe the problem is we need to introduce more options to the agent pool. What if the agent just happens to be the only one well-designed for pro play, while the other agents are better designed for ranked play? Maybe we should just rework one or two of the other agents for pro play, but keep the rest as-is.

Balance & design are super complicated, and also super interesting - not only for agents, but also with things like map design and weapon balance. It's really never as simple as just "stats too high, nerf it", or "stats too low, buff it".
I haven't came across this card yet. It looks sick tho.

But my favourite one is Gentle Breeze Card of jett.
love the aesthetics and music and my man chamber finally made a cinematic appearance. a shame it doesn't have bigger lore implications (i only watched it once on stream, so maybe im wrong) but still banger.
0;c;1;s;1;P;c;8;u;BF766BFF;t;6;o;0;d;1;b;1;z;6;a;0.5;f;0;m;1;0t;10;0l;4;0v;4;0g;1;0o;1;0a;1;0m;1;0s;0.01;0e;0.1;1t;4;1l;6;1v;6;1g;1;1o;0;1a;1;1s;0.01;1e;0.1 code if you want it
Smurfs are also toxic as hell, and very temperamental, judgemental and illogical. That is my experience with them anyway. 

Whenever there was one on my team and I ask them things like "do you think it's fun for the other team" they go mad and start insulting me and telling me that I should be happy for the free elo. And sadly 99% of the time the other teammates agree with them and join in the insulting. It's kind of like the book "lord of the flies".
I think she's fine where she is. People heavily rely on her to instalock. Then they mess up team dynamic and there's no balance cause everyone wants to duelist. Her Leer isn't bad and her abilities save her all the time. She's not overpowered nor under so rework is delusional lmao.
This 100 times. I called a flash don't blame me
sure the smurf is better in every way but another reason why smurfs frag out so much is also because the low ranks give it to them. They never double peek and seldom trade their teammates, on top of that they ego peek unnecessarily giving the smurf an easy 1v1 kill and get away with it everytime
I wish Woohoojin well. He always came off as someone with a great ability to neatly package common sense advice. 


On the other hand, he also seemed like an asshole and a hindsight Andy. I watched his videos at first but his attitude turned me away, even before I found out he is a fraud.


Life is never 100% black and white. Happy to have seen some of his content, hope he doesn't get too much shit from people.
theyve added that so long ago but i bet u not a single person bothered calling them shrimp or crab. hell i guarantee the average player doesn't know which icon is on which titty XD
I remember back in the day Oni phantom was the go to skin for everyone, the kill effect, sound and model is just so satisfying.

I still use Oni phantom today if I wanna make sure that my aim is crisp and use protocol if I just wanna have cool and fun.
Bro hes just saying some facts, not a single word can be hinted at "attacking" you. Just accept that you are wrong and stop being so fragile
I agree. It's not too costly to just requeue over having a 4v5 match
Why post clips of you hitting shots when you said you need help with your mechanics? You should be showing times when you’re struggling. Seems like you just haven’t fully adjusted to the feel you of valorant based on the body of your post, and the clips were meant to be a flex. There is little we can do to help you with what you’ve given.
I really hate this shit. Why would they show it off as two different charms in the posts when it combined into one gun... No gun in the game has a colorway that benefits from a charm constantly changing from orange to pink lmao.
but thankfully we did win the game 13-11 so there's that
You can tell by his comments here that his mentality is horrible.

He’s already lost in his mind before he even steps foot in competition.
If they could read this, they'd be very upset.
I'd rather have instant smokes from Brim than not at all lol At least it kills 20 seconds off the clock, rather than him getting one tapped 10 seconds in.
Phoenix, I'd love to try extreme stuff without the risk of dying.
Speaking from a VCT/pro play viewer perspective: 

I think it was definitely appropriate to reduce her presence considering how meta defining she was the past year. My only gripe is how her kit offered so much role compression that it allowed teams to double up on duelist or smokes, and sentinel/viper
I think she offered so much in her kit that it allowed teams flexibility in agent select because you didn’t need to pick an info initiator as well as a flash initiator and have 3 slots filled by whatever was the outright best in slot agent for the remaining positions. 

I look forward to seeing how the meta develops with this map pool but at the same time I worry we may see far less experimenting after a meta develops/settles.

Granted I am also of the opinion that this is by far the worst map rotation we will see in a long time for pro play and comp - they need to bring back pearl and fracture (even if I hated it in soloQ) if only for the pro meta so we can at least have some excitement.

From a comp perspective: I’m only low diamond so I never found skye to be that oppressive or omnipresent in my climb but I usually filled smokes because 90% of the time it was the only role left unfilled to make any sense of an appropriate team comp lol
Man it should be required to post your tracker or match history for posts like these, this sub is turning into garbage of people compaining about ranked everyday (not only talking about you). How much do you gain per win and how much do you lose per loss? You most likely have high mmr so the game pairs you up with people higher than your "visible rank". You also probably win much more rr than you lose.
China. Also if we look back, GenG LoL org mentioned Taiwan as a country in a social media post and that led to China banning GenG related things in China. Remember Grand finals of Madrid? It wasn't streamed in China.
is terrorism not illegal in your country?
That’s the way everyone should see it. Pistol rounds are the most important rounds in the game because it gives you a crazy advantage for round 2. Winning pistol rounds should basically grant you 2 more free rounds as long as you don’t throw.
How to I re-access basic training if I pressed "X"?  
:(
im so so sick of only seeing comments about the replay system whenever valorant posts something cool lmao
Imagine deleting a lockdown with Kayo knife or grabbing yoru from his ult
wait so they play overwatch but think val is gay ? XD
wait so if I understood correctly, no matter on what side you play, the spawn from ppl who are defending/defusing is ct spawn and ppl who r attacking/planting is t spawn?
Infinite trip range is never happening again and for good reason. Making him have to anchor is a good thing. 100c headhunter bullets would honestly be fine tbh, I don't really see a big deal there other than pistol rounds, which might be a good enough reason for them to decide not to do it. Increasing tp range is always gonna be kinda scary, so I think that's a VERY last resort if nothing else helps. Honestly, he's pretty fine atm. Solid B tier senti and I think they'd rather keep him there than risk him breaking the game again
This is it for me.

Swift is nice and quick and I’m not stuck in a match forever
There was a clip of someone playing Reyna and accidentally knitting the KAYO knife out of midair.
He's pleb 1
That’s the one thing I’ve noticed from playing Valorant is that the player base is so mentally weak man. I cannot tell you how many times the FF vote starts and we’re down like 4 rounds bruh.
nice! you performed very well compared to what was expected
Yeah it's weird when people want a cypher to stick to one site. It's a good idea to mix it up so you're unpredictable
if it isn’t jett or raze on top everyone will complain regardless tbh , sad but true
GET THIS MAN ON 100T
Silver
No one was walking up tube and spraying out 3 blocks with a Vandal. You're either knifing it, destroying as a team, or waiting it out. Also generally destroying it while it's still hardening.
Now this is some good stuff, respect to OP.

&#x200B;

Just from my own judgement of his gameplay, he's a solid player but nowhere near Radiant.  I've never believed that for a second, kinda funny we have proof of that now.

&#x200B;

His YT is no-chat mode constantly and his twitch is sub-only.  The guy has really thin skin, I would honestly be surprised if he ever mentions this.
I think he is overestimating his ability to to hit radiant because of his "coaching gamesense" he is starting to get a grasp of the grind ahead of him to reach radiant, "coaches don't play" is a real thing. I don't feel bad for him for this embarassing situation hes in tho, he lied and and broke TOS to boost ego, got more and more condesending over time because of it and now the wheel has just come full circle. No need to overly care, no reasons to defend him.
domain battle
I think it’s pretty laughable that once you use the skin you can no longer get a refund, can’t even upgrade it. It’s honestly one of the biggest reasons I don’t buy skins as much anymore. I can kind of understand the rationale but in the same vein there’s surely a better way of doing it. 30 days seems fair, and if you wanna keep the money Riot then just refund in vp. 

All of this ontop of the exorbitant prices, lmao.
The only reasonable preposition I see here other than the blue and yellow hair
I've found rotating is pretty unforgiving, so someone with a speed boost like Brim or Neon for me.
Lol. Wait till gold players get too confident and iron players start running iron strats.
play faster and seek aim-duels more frequently
sage or raze could be pretty strong without the shouting, could be sneaky.
That’s what I said, $700+ in now
The ammo was low enough already. This is just a stupid change.
Champs op and axe
Yea but was it recorded on 165?  
Also does reddit allow uploads of 165 fps?

Wouldnt be surprised if the shitty video player is limited to 30 lol
Although a nice clean 3/3/3 looks nice, that's not how bell curves actually work.

70% of the player base is gold or lower.

By time your Diamond your top 10% or better

Ascendant top 3%

Immortal top 1%

Radiant top .001%
Bit weird that Riot still doesn’t have a LFG system built into their apps. Where you can sort by rank, region, vibe, gamemode, agent/role main, mics/no mics, etc and find people to queue up with. 

But this is a good 3rd party alternative if they never take the time to implement something like this themselves.
10 points for creativity
Our raze just whiffed a 1v1 so badly and i screamed to my duo our raze sucks and she said im sorry i tried I FELT SO BAD 😭
Note to self, make sure you finish the kayo ult so you don't die if you're iso. good to know
There is no elbow, so don’t worry
Not the clove nerfs :(
I'm quite new to Valorant and I'm interested in the lore. Where exactly could one find more of the game lore? I've seen bits and pieces on the wiki but I'd like to dive a bit deeper if possible.
No, you unlocked with him XP during the recruitment event.
Astra and harbour need some love riot plz
The closest one is Spike Rush: max 10min per match and if you leave no one cares. Unless you constantly go afk you only get a warning, no penalty
Why do y'all play in these weird aspect ratios man?
Not judging, just genuinely curious
*Skye is a pretty beginner-friendly agent, just try not to flash-bang your own team*

The second part of that sentence is enough for me not to recommend Skye to beginners. Gekko I feel like is easier to handle.
How can more content make the game stale?
my 3 year old too! Should we make a team? Valotots?
freedom to buy overpriced bundles lol
He had to be there in person to make sure yall aint fucking around too much, but he couldnt get the drop ship ready in time so he had to become the drop ship.
Smoky aura with different variants is boring but default knife with different animations isn’t? Interesting.
It's froma leaked pheonix voice link "imagine the enemy stressing out when the new kid and I come back to life" or something along those lines
The ranking system is just so trash. The way they did it in CS:GO was **so** much better. You'd also get booted to a lower rank in that game if you were inactive for awhile. However, it didn't take that many games to get back to your old rank once you had shaken of the rust. You just can't do that shit in Valorant because it takes a lot longer to move between ranks.

I used to also be Ascendant, borderline Immortal. However, I take a lot of games. The game then boots me back to Platinum. That's fine for a few games because I'm rusty, but by the time the rust is gone I'm still playing in the same ranks because of how slow moving between ranks is. It's just stupid. Right now, my unrated games or DM's are players between high Ascendant to Radiant while my competitive games are Platinum players. 

How does that make any sense?! It's not fun for anyone involved.
I just accidentally flamed this poor Jett for holding a bad angle with a judge, he kept changing angles while I critiqued them all to my duo for a solid minute. At the end when he died I just said “well, that was disappointing.”

He just said sorry in the saddest voice… I felt like a monster :’(
Asc 1. Peak 30, average ~25.
Fun fact in the Seoul airport there is a Riot shop that lets you do the bot challenge (I think it’s on medium) and I won some stickers for getting 26 there. Wish I had a chance to warm up because I was one off a free RIOT themed luggage tag lol. They only give you two tries and I was rusty from not playing for a month.
Ok thanks, I will keep that in mind seems like I had it wrong in my head.
That’s so funny
I imagine it be the same as if you cheated normally. Vanguard is the most intrusive anti cheat and it doesn’t always seem to work. It can definitely be hard to tell if someone’s cheating. And the game only seems to catch them after they’ve been reported a few times.
no, this game is about confidence. buy yourself a gun and get some practice in or it will just take longer for you to improve
There is no bias, he is literally aiming at belt level the entire video
It's def easier but it's not as free as most people make it out to be, most of the time my setup only last for 1 person and break the moment it got triggered like the usual.

The real buff is for stupid solo player who don't like to break trip for some reason.
Soooo, they gave an agent a double sage wall that takes more bullets to break than sage wall, denies space but not aggression, made it free and after a hefty nerf to the ammo pool? They taking the piss? I guess I'll need to play and find out how it behaves, but it will be horrible by the time people learn to properly use it. Hopefully by then smtg changes. Either it's HP or the ammo pools.
“Cracked” with 94 ACS
In my experience for round 1, 

Lotus it’s 70% A, 30% C, never B
Sunset it’s B
Ascent is 50/50
Icebox it’s A
Split it’s B
Bind is 70% A, 30% B
Breeze it’s A
just a bad habit lmao, my mind thought it would be cool to try and catch a timing while hes still in the ult animation
I just hate sniper fights. And if the enemy team starts winning rounds, they bring out the ops and it can feel oppressive
Aggressive brim can be pretty strong in low elo. I like to just throw my smokes and my stimmy, maybe keep 1 smoke for defending spike and yolo it with the team.
Alright, enough LSD for today
Honestly I'd have to say Reyna.. She's too self serving and a perfect agent for smurfs to wreck lobbies with.
the highest you can get placed is ascendant
>Is there a FAQ section on the sub for general questions?

Yes, it is in the FAQ wiki page directory (same place as the ranked FAQ). It already includes an answer to the rotating shop question.

https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/wiki/faq/faq_general

> This could be a pinned post I think

Unfortunately we are limited to two sticky spots and they are often taken up by major announcements.
Okey waiting for champ 2025 then, money saved $60
Majority of games 2-3 cheaters? Maximum cope.
You can't judge him
Shorty: my human does not do that
Yo this guy peeks with intention to kill
Interesting stuff. Clove’s pronouns are they/them tho
Don't peek
tbh if you’re queuing 5 you’re basically giving up the idea of a totally “fair” game. the point is to play with your friends and have fun while still playing a meaningful game. matchmaking isn’t gonna be perfect when you can have a silver and diamond on the same team
I would love it if they made a mode in valorant which is literally just a counter strike but in valorant. No abilities, everyone gets to buy one smoke, stun and flash (all having the same physics as kayo's flash) and that's it. Because valorant is technically a better game, it's just that abilities can sometimes be tiring and the map pool is too limiting.
“When the woman says” dont mind me i just found this phrasing funny idk why
Many people dont know the right agents to pick to counter the other teams agents..myself included.
We need night time maps in Valorant
[deleted]
Bro hit the jackpot
Neon stun being able to disable util would be a horrible change lmao, most util is where you are trying to take space through so are you just going to stun yourself too??
Team deathmatch has so much potential for warming up but the maps are just terrible in general. I agree drift is the worst example though. 

It’s criminal that for most of the game you’re using ghost, sheriff, vandal with 0.25 first bullet spread but the main sight lines are ~55m apart. Go to the range, equip a vandal and stand right back in the boardwalk area and try to one tap some bots. This is only like 45m and you’ll still miss frequently with your crosshair on their heads. 

Add in team flashes, team collision, and for some reason tdm servers being worse than other game modes and it’s just awful.
Got smited
Not sure if it's going to be about what's being added (it could be). 

I'm hoping, rather, they're coming up with a solution to being able to play the maps out of the esports competitive pool.
Thank you!! :)
Oni katana 10/10 looks cool and has good animations imo
Would you say it... hurts?
It would propably reveal Netcode problems that valorant has since beta
I tried to get very close to the smoke, they can't see you even if you crouch. They can see you only if you're pushing stairs.
Enlighten me
I think she is what renya should have been
I guess that's the reason for the night market. Try to get people less willing to spend and give them 30% off.
Bronze 3
Acrethedog has a YouTube short that shows you where to click on every map intro to instalock. Go get it!
Tbh, since you're Bronze I'd run it down mid as people have very bad positioning so you can easily walk up mid and kill people on either A or B assuming you push a little bit late and they're distracted with the team in main.
their utility is kitted to take favorable gunfights. Everyone else’s utility is kitted to help them. it only makes sense that they take the best fights
Well that’s because one of them has the keys to your house and the other doesn’t. Much easier to protect a home from theft when you can set up systems on the inside.
yeah the lore is that the developers just didn’t consider this interaction. The “lore”…lmaooooo
I think it’s acceptable if you have 4 kills but if you only have 3 then it’s unreasonable to expect your team to stop playing so you can ace
Personally for me i just hate how it feels the marshal in my opinion is just a better gun half the price and more shots before reload
Occasionally I play unrated to relax and chill, because I work long hours and get to play two games every evening.

Oh, look, OP has disconnected halfway through a game because they don't care about anyone but themselves, and now one of my two games are ruined because I'm a man down and getting stomped with numbers.

Please don't tell me people are this naive. Unrated isn't the training range. You are playing the exact same game as ranked just without rr and rank matching. You are wasting people's time. 

Also, the first ban is never two hours, which means you have definitely done this multiple times for it to stack. No empathy from me.
What pisses me off the most is having 2 or 3 teammates leave in a ranked game and then still losing full MMR as if you had any fucking chance to win the game 2v5
why would they play gekko if they didn’t want to be spike holder?? i play gekko a lot and never do this
what ticks me is that deadlock players get rewarded for not knowing what their doing half the time
Everytime a meeting ends on real life, I always say “gg”
Remember, if you're not a good shot today there are other ways to be useful
If there’s someone toxic in agent select. And i dont mean stupid i mean the full program: n word, insults etc
he was just trying to explain why this trick is redundant, and answering your question/title honestly
I think Omen has a pretty unique bandit-y aesthetic and visuals, in line with his phantom origins. His lines are pretty cool too.  
I also like KAY/O - everything about him screams 'no-nonsense'. And definitely not because I'm a KAY/O main. :P  
Among the more 'human' agents, I like Sova and Viper's outfits.
At the moment they really kinda don't. Matches are so swingy because the skill level of players in the ranks is drastically wide while it settles and I've had lobby ranges as extreme as Silver1-Diamond 3 in a single game.
neo frontierrrr
compelling argument, I shall play 1 game as Sage tonight thanks to you
Terrible main smoker works really well if you get a good fragger to play them as 2nd controller for example emea grand finals fnc on bind Alfa looked incredible
yup, you get banned for that and ban time depends on how often you got banned recently. afaik it's 30 mins, 2 hours, 24 hours, 7 days
Yeah having the Ruin dagger has completely removed any chance I ever buy a knife skin.  There are some cool-looking ones, but not $50 cooler than what I have level.
Was pretty sure I saw a jett on top of the sign at A in my match, reported him, I wonder if this is the other exploit they're talking about
Is this how they indirectly increase Harbor stonks?
Make [Cypher's Revenge](https://youtu.be/9N_iC-Yc0FA?si=fQnUDBGi29flgSnr) a real gamemode
Lmfaooooooo you did them so dirty😭
Yeah you can say pretty much anything at the start and that alone will make it more likely for others to talk
Low hanging fruit b+ comedy
I would think that having such a high sens in focus mode defeats the purpose of it, but the results don't seem to lie. Mind sharing your settings?
oh ohh i breath throughout the game, next time ill breath only before taking fights   
thanks for the tip mate <3
Prelude has the best reload animation imo
Okay how about viper just dies after buy phase?
Silver or bronze. Make sure to strafe in the air and don't crouch spray everything.
For real, man here is Smitty Werbenjägermanjensen
Give them a pass. They are in Iron, maybe just getting familiar with the shooting error in Valorant.
You do realize that enemies can break that orb to prevent iso from taking it right?
I mean yeah. They are plats. I peaked D1 is not like I’m playing in full diamond lobbies yk
The sample size is not anywhere close to large enough for anyone to have a solid opinion about the weapon yet. It has been less than one day.
Im more pissed that he used a judge at that range and killed. Meanwhile, me with a judge at close range… 140 damage everytime.
unless you have some kind of malware like a keylogger it is literally impossible for a person to get access to THAT personal information. an IP only gives vague information.
Interesting. I have the SOL, and Kuronami Vandal too. I always go back to Prime. The Araxys gives me good vibes too, but I'm not gonna buy it, cause i know it won't last. :)
I wish phone verification was required to play competitive. It wouldn't completely eliminate the issue but it would certainly reduce it.
Never understood why so many ppl aim at head with op
Yep! He is playing inhouses and if he can he will make it so ascendant+ are in his inhouse games but right now anyone who is a t3 sub on his discord can join. As a trash player, playing vs him feels very scary
He is an inspiration to low ranks everywhere, never in any game has a rank 1 spent so much time in gold and below!
I think the order of the timeline from my understanding goes like:

Omen was sent go undercover as a researcher at Point Light to monitor the existence of Radianite. He made friends with Viper. When Viper wanted to publish it to the world since, according to her dossier she quite the influential figure in Kingdom, Omen was tasked with Shrouded Step which was to stop the world from knowing about Radianite at all cost. They struggled and she dabbed his face with her toxin which is why his face is like that. He got locked in the particle chamber thingy and got infused with Radianite and became what he is now.

After some time, Viper probably felt some kind of pity over Omen since he lost his sense of self, forgetting who he is and are constantly in pain. Since they're quite amicable with each other enough to use first names once upon a time, she tried to help him. 

So she asked Sage for help but Sage was not ready or equipped to really deal with the circumstances and made him worse. After some more time, the VALORANT protocol was established by Brim and Viper so Viper brought in Omen to peruse his skills that he might have exhibit as still having a knack for. And yadda yadda yadda, we're here now. 

Also about Lucia and Viper, I don't think Viper is experimenting on Lucia as much as it was about Reyna seeking out Viper's help for her expertise on Radianite and trusting her based on how Kingdom screwed Viper as well. Viper is desperately and I mean desperately trying to keep Lucia alive because Reyna's allegiance to the VALORANT protocol hinges on it and KAY/O's future solidifies the radical implications should Viper fails. 

On the matters of KJ and Lucia, I think Reyna was specifically pointing towards weapons when mentioning KJ's machines. KJ is a young genius with an immature sense of responsibility towards what machines of her own creations can do to people and how deeply it affects them despite Brim acting as her godfather or guardian.

It's like Tony Stark's nonchalance towards his own weapons before he was personally getting mauled by it.
RIP Viper. Well, at least Harbor’s looking like a better and better pick now
Idk if this was changed, but reyna overheal and ISO's shield (if he has one on) stay. Unsure about stim beacon effects

Out of the negative effects, fade's deafen stays and cypher cam tag stays
I love one with Wingman “You wants KJ shoes? Chale dude you can’t even wear shoes”
Bro thinks a little too much outside the box to the point where he ended up in one.
“It’s not useful information” 

yes because knowing where jett used to be employed is WAY more important
How did you find the exact game 😭
I was playing a swiftplay and this person who I was talking to in all chat asked me whether I wanted to see a magic trick. So I responded sure and they somehow instantly friended me without me even getting the chance to see a friend request pop up.  
  
So uh how? Im a little worried
The fact that you had all the battlepasses and still suffered from radianite problems is crazy
You need to get 9 wins this act at least
cypher is really strong on this map cuz of those windows above each main to watch for a push up like that. but yeah, check ur corners lol
over extending when we are in a winning position, making it much harder to close out the round
1 (and only) Oni Vandal, because it looks like a can of Arizona green tea
Bonk!
There have been a lot of complaints when it comes to the BP. You have everything from 3% bonus, takes a long time to complete, bad skins, etc. 

I personally think BP is a complete joke especially the bonus % as it's so little you might as well not buy it and see at the end of the act if you're going to finish or not. Unfortunately, I doubt we will ever get good BP skins as that would make people not want to buy the overpriced skins.
impressive
Let KJ put a turret and/or Raze rocket on the Sova drone
So what you're saying is they should nerf chamber?
Well, he still gave you the opening :DD
Bro dogded that shit like he neo in The Matrix
Spectator
Your comment is spot on

I like valorant a lot but...

Community is in denial

Just accept it, there is more and more smurfing day by day, also there is more cheating, not as much as csgo

I was playing and getting kills like 20+kills every match but since 3 months ago i felt like i couldn't kill players like before, until i realised that people are smurfing all over the place 

Golds don't want to be Smurfed so play lower ranks, silvers too, platinum too, and so on

In reality im facing players from Higher ranks and thats why i wasn't killing as much. 
It feels like they are always faster than you, feels Impossible to play, but overtime you Will improve so not all is bad

But we still need a fix
That wall is fine. They're just haters
nothing is good about this clip you insta crouch everytime you see someone and you dont even aim for the head. This is bronze or silver at best
That wasn’t a flick it was just aiming haha
If you fail to comm crucial info, you’ve failed your team. If you comm something they already know, then nothing happens. Worst case scenario, someone says “I know”.
Shop: Agent Glove skins, kill counter buddy.


Gamemodes: wingman (2v2), though ranked TDM is more likely.


QOL: Separating finishers and ADS visuals from weapon skins and letting people mix and match(you would still need to unlock it). 


Personally: animation wise I'd love if future skin lines and current base guns had different reload animations based on if it was semi full or empty like how the outlaw operates.
Cause Riot likes to invest money on stupid skins and other bs instead of taking care of people who is actually trying.

They know that if you tilt you go next and stay on the game.
I agree w everything but thought I'd add that sometimes I like to let the smoke come out a bit, just like an agents size from the wall. 

If they choose to swing, they can't retreat behind a wall and only take "wall-bang damage", you can just spam the smoke. Lots of over-confident or tilted players will take a chance at a cheeky swing and get spammed down for it. 

But that should only be done sometimes, which helps give the impression that it was a mistake and they can capitalize on it, unknowingly walking into your trap.
LeBronzeJames and Phoenix in Paris is so good lmao
Aight since all the top posts I'm seeing are focused on the drama, here's a response that answers the OP's question:

1. He addressed it before the matches started this morning.

2. TL;DR he correctly identified that what was wrong was that he lied. He aims to be better.

3. Charlatan coached Wooj back in E2 (? fact check, I can't remember) to get him up.

4. In E3, long before any dreams of making content, he coached JayG to Radiant. The trade there was for JayG to get Wooj the Radiant buddy for the end of E3. Strictly vanity, and stupid: nothing more.

5. He then climbed on a new alt account to Radiant. He claims that even proof of this is not enough to quell concerns since it can be argued the account was bought or boosted. 
6. Even with Charlatan vouching for him, and JayG too, he feels the best thing he can do to redeem himself at this point is to do the climb to Radiant on Raze (I forget who is coaching him on Raze).

7. For all intents and purposes, given the above, he wants everyone to simply know he is an Immortal player who can provably coach at a Radiant level.

8. He'd rather people hear out his regret, and given his so far *very* helpful content (in my opinion), to judge for themselves if this revelation matters for their own usage and enjoyment of his content (my paraphrasing, possibly off mark).
Other than peaking to flash and not adjusting aim during a firefight you were fine. But Sage should have killed you and Raze was clowning.
my best guess is the elevation difference cut off the heal server side but not client side because the difference was so minuscule. yk how you have to jump to grab the heal sometimes? i think that is basically what was happening server side so you didn’t actually receive the entire heal for the server but client says you did. other than that it would be a bug of reyna shield being overridden and not taking any effect due to a bug of some sort. both cases need to be patched though
The best way to guarantee not getting a gun buddy is asking
You move faster on the enemy's pov when you're close to the wall, so if you're peeking a specific corner with no risk of being angle disadvantaged from another corner it's better to peek this way. If you think the enemy is close behind cover you would walk peek as far from the corner as possible to get angle advantage. If there are multiple consecutive threats you would slice the pie far from the corner.
I think we found the creepy guys that enjoy sexually harassing the female player base. It wasn't even ranked and these guys are up in arms about throwing a game over the more serious issue.
Why not make it customizable like the reticle? Seems like a fair trade. If it matter so much for high elo, they can have it the new way. If anyone wants it any other way, they can make it how it works best for them.
Can you please sneak Prelude to Chaos vandal in my store lol. I’ve been waiting over a year and I check it daily, even on vacations 🥹
Unnecessary Addition: I find it funny because when I started Valorant, Pearl was just coming out.


I never really got the chance to play Pearl/Fracture with the game sense I have now. I was bronze/silver. 


It's just weird to me to think that whenever they come around, I'm going to be looking at them somewhat differently, just because I've grown a little, albeit through other maps.
Attackers plant the bomb and defend it until it explodes. Defenders prevent attackers from planting the bomb. It's basic 5v5 search and destroy with agent abilities.
i can shed some insight here :')

entire ui is simply turned off and everything's recorded normally after without postprocessing! my zowie doesn't have an xhair feature so i just got by with a small piece of painters tape instead.

was definitely not done in one take though LOL
Sounds like you were teamed up with a duo/trio que that wanted to throw the game and troll people for reactions. Losers.
I like to think that it’s better for the body to be fresh for your resurrection to work.
honestly depends on map, but arguably reyna if you’re just better than your relative opposition
LMAOO
Okay that's a good point, white pants on Icebox would be like playing Where's Waldo
I'm sorry but "heaven" is a bit more of a thoughtful call-out than people are giving credit. It doesn't simply imply"high ground". It's actually used in locations of a map that have two stacked players locations with "hell" being the converse call-out. I have NEVER heard someone call out a location as heaven that does not have a corresponding hell.

One could potentially argue for high/low, but "low" is typically referred to someone who's one shot.
Sky Changes (14.0)
* Deadlock nerf reverted
* Skye starts the game frozen. 
* Earn the ability to  move by spending RR
I’ve always thought in any rank of any game there’s two different people. The “on the way up” rank - these are the people fresh to whatever rank it is and the “on the way out” rank - still in the rank but approaching the next.
all i can say: talk with someone you trust or a therapist about this stuff. do what you gotta do to get you into a happy place, but it COULD be deeply upsetting to destroy something you’ve built over a long time. worth talking through and considering what options you have that’ll help you get to where you want to be.
What is focus mode I have 1k hours and never heard of this
This is really dumb and I love it. Someone should make a hero shooter with really mundane characters and mechanics
No, you're just silver, that's why.
Part of the reason is because it can be chained. Reynas is limited to 2 kills, two get out of jail free cards. Jett can use one, needs two kills then can use another, then needs another two kills, which means only in an ace situation she can get out 3 times, but on average it's 1-2.

Iso's can be chained, where a single use provides up to 6 useful shields (inclusive of a sage res and a clove res). The second use is for when fights are far apart. His shield can also be brought into his ult, granting an even bigger buff inside his ult, and if you ult an opponent with an OP while you have a shield, you pretty much win.

By making it auto apply, 1vX fights become much easier. With Reyna and Jett, when 1vX, will get a kill and get out. 

Let's say he's in a 1v2. The order of people shooting goes ISO, then enemy A, then enemy B. He kills enemy A, gets his shield and flicks to enemy B, enemy B takes out his shield, but ISO kills them before they get killed, resulting in another immediate shield. This can combo for each enemy. By making him shoot an orb, you delay him slightly, slowing down the chain and giving the enemy a better chance.

I'm not saying don't make it auto, I just feel if you do make it auto you need to nerf it to prevent ISO just entering 1v3 and having a fair chance. Maybe only one charge and reduced time it can be used or something, so it's only useful in a single situation and can't be chained like 30 seconds after initial use
why do you keep reposting your smurf clip
I guess by dissabling frankfurt, while i played unranked whenever i would hear russian voice i would dissable the server i played on with them, now i just have paris and london enabled
I'm from Taiwan as well, looking for people to play together 😀 
*cypher, but yeah essentially lmao
"If you're that good, why are we in the same rank?". Then mute the guy
might be an unpopular opinion but I’d say any initiator character. When I see a sova or skye instalock in game it typically means their quite comfortable on their agent, and imo initiators require the most teamwork/communication for success. In my experience, all the teammates that instalock initiator characters have been willing to sacrifice their kda for the team’s success which you just have to appreciate
Almost? Source is 20 years old and 1.6 is 25
Idc what nunna yall say, Im still rockin Blue Elderflame Vandal🤞🏾🤞🏾
I use alt with my left thumb. Very practical
a reyna/iso top frag is also not indicative of a good performance idk why you would seperate them from the rest. duelists jobs are to make space and isolate gun fights to get picks or create trade opportunities. a reyna or an iso can top frag and be completely useless in regards to impact to the game. ive lost so many games where i have a top frag reyna who didnt do their job for the team.
Personally I imagine her taking out a container full of kimbap and not sharing a single piece
Does she main herself or is she playing another agent more than Raze.
Also what made her start a voice acting career and how did she end up as Raze in Valorant
When you want to have fun, only your mind is the limit.
People silent like Riot is gonna bill them per minute for speaking in the mic.

Its hard out there...
You’re missing the obvious 

Gekky
I hate this weird bug with deadlock ult, even if nothing is blocking the way it will sometimes be stuck and of course all of us will think the enemy will die from the ult so we just leave them at that just to be surprised that the ulted enemy behind us is free. I hope it gets fixed.

ALSO RIOT PLEASE FIX THE BUY REQUEST BUG. When teammates are requesting for a buy it doesn't show in the shop.
Reddit gets investment from Tencent :)
Sage wall in the firing range and set the bots to strafe. Then wait behind the sage wall (like it’s a corner) and shoot the bots as they strafe into your view from behind the sage wall. 
Other than that, aimlabs probably has a whole set of micro adjustment playlists to drill (dynamic clicking tasks may also help with this type of aiming)
What a surprise
Lol i play omen for the same reason. If no ones gonna smoke then i will, but in the event that no one else wants to entry then i have a blind and teleport to mix in with my smokes to get us onto site. Gold 3
I'm a beta player and I haven't played Jett in a while, having to press the button two times to dash still feels weird.
You were basically throwing if you didn't have a Jett, she was an aggressive beast
Ah that’s how the cheaters always know
one man's trash is another man's treasure
This is actually possible, there may be some dumb god somewhere
Low key unfortunate but also shoot a bit slower
Ranked will feel a lot like unrated, but players will care about the outcome of the game much more. This is a double edged sword, as your teammates will be trying harder, but they may also be more susceptible to tilt which can lead to toxicity. The best ranked experience definitely comes from finding a consistent group to play with that has a good balance of a desire to win and a light hearted/fun atmosphere. Even if you can find one good duo partner to play with, it makes a world of difference. Having someone who is willing to coordinate plays and communicate is huge.
you need to play a lot, and consistently. focus on your mechanics for now before you worry about utility, the game doesn’t start until you can move and shoot somewhat decently. best util in the world doesn’t matter if you can’t click on them, good luck
Investors and higher ups. Pure corporate greed. If they don't stash their pockets with hundreds of millions they will start firing people by the hundreds.
Undercity skin bundle. Ugly greenscreen discount glitchpop with the weird af blue haired guy with pink lipstick. Like just why lol
He started making mommy jokes every 5 minutes lol
Yeah - Im too lazy to go outside of the game to record my shit and watch it over, just let me review my stupidity in the central hub that is Valorant.
>TL;DR: I thought that the general consensus when defusing was to smoke Spike but I've been told to always smoke the choke instead.

As a Controller main the only certain thing is that there is never an "always". The entire role is situational. Honestly you've just got to make a judgement call on the spot.
I'm not very good with the Sheriff or Marshal but I'm yucky with the Bucky
Yeah that's what's tripping me up. I'm thinking that maybe they jumped really far to where you were, sliced you mid air, then your death covered the sound of their fall. I don't know it's a very strange clip. If he came from garden I feel like we woulda heard him running.
Fr, why where they even pushing the guy that has to plant? This has to be low iron
He’s defusing
I’d be down for that as well.
Every time, should be noted as soon as I realize I'm in the ult I immediately start sprinting it down mid in the ult, no hesitation, to close the gap as much as possible so he's not expecting me to be up close
Not just judge, but jury and executioner too
They have different roles but the reason Viper is better because she is in her own role. If you think Viper, global pressure is something insanely provides on attack and insane anchor on defense. Harbornon the other hand is supposed to be more aggressive but is mostly just smokes ( but his ult is extremely underrated and really strong especially in a coordinated team) which is in competition with other dome smokers.

Viper just provides more than Harbor for a slot and as an agent. Viper's real competiton is a slot.as i said earlier, she is in her own role because of how unique her kit is. You can really compare her with any other agent that will fill another slot. Be it amother duelist, initiator, and even a sentinel.
lmao what did the deleted reply say
Why? Iso ult interaction supposed to be like this, right? If you have one HP, you got ulted, and won the duels, you still came back with one HP outside. It doesn't make sense that the mag gets fully restored. Let's just assume Iso or the enemy has Vandal with no mag left, they go inside the ult, and one of them is gonna get a huge advantage with it. Isn't that kinda unfair?
letting him cook
Yeah, odds aren't exactly working this way, if you know the participants you should have better chances than 50 percent

Still insane amount of luck
why are you personally attacking **me**
No I will not I belong in soaked paper straw 11
Always blame the support
“apart from animations” isnt that 95% of the whole point? how often do you actually get a melee kill?
That's very true. Tho I'm sure the % of people that are immortal/radiant on social media is much smaller, and seeing people say ascendant isn't a high rank is fairly common
Your premise is faulty - I honestly think the people ratting would be doing it no matter the format. It’s a play style they are choosing and honestly it’s not a ‘winning’ way to play DM anyway. You have to be crispy and actively hunting kills to get 1st place. Winning doesn’t matter, play your own game and don’t stress so much about the corner campers. It’s good training.
If its yours its yours. If its given its not an ace to me.
Punctuation would help so much
Maybe it would force my team to stop rushing into the same entrance he throws his knife every round 😭
Agent is cool, looks great/unique but the accent feels off. Like a weird Americanized Scottish accent that isn't super pleasing to listen to
Why you lyin bro?

https://tracker.gg/valorant/match/4439e711-0211-41ba-92e4-673a9b2d8ea5
No matter what you have to secure the round. Don’t save your ult because you could’ve won the round of Phoenix didn’t throw lol
I will repeat my self. An ace where teammates let you get the last is a fake ace. You want to ace? Get your balls straight and go clutch. All rest aces aren’t real
It got worse when I started being a Clove main. So now even if I'm dead, it's still *my* fault I didn't smoke, worse that I didn't smoke at a teammate's timing who doesn't communicate. Do they not realize the discrepancy here
i was stuck in gold 1 for ~3 acts
It's cyphers' new ability. He hacks you
I would have to invent a couple of new words on my own to describe just how stupid it sounds.
He wanted to end it all.
The way he said "I'm fREEee" caught me off guard lol🤣
Maybe more like lucky spray transfer but I thought it was cool :/
For people that think her Sensors should act like Flank trips, they are wrong.   


Imagine her traps like Astra Stun,  Set up -> Activate, rather than Set up -> forget about it later.  


Deadlock Sensors right now acts in between Breach and Neon Stuns;  


For Breach, you stun a line then your team capitalize on it. For Neon, you stun a choke but because of how fast it is, you can capitalize on it. With Astra stun(with the buffs), if you're fast enough, you can actually capitalize on setting the star in a choke then activating it to stun.  


Deadlock is like that where once you get the site in Attacking, all the chokes are your playground and anyone who peeks will be stunned to guarantee a kill.   


She is honestly what i love from Sage but more, she has the wall to stop pushes and a net to give a reactionary edge for gun fights without a lackluster heal and an overrated ultimate.
Then I do this, and Raze yeets back site on top of me. Or they wait out the cages, or the Skye dog catches the trips, or…
It’s a leftover form lots of mmo and rpg games healer is usually a role along with tank and dos, I had to make the switch to think differently than this after I came to valorant and as thus I can see the confusion, just ignore them or politely let them know there’s no such thing in valo
Because this play is heavily telegraphed, I usually wait a few seconds into his spray, and I strafe + 1 tap his head
Damn I've been playing yoru since release and I always assumed this was just a visual bug.
“Watch this!”.   When he sees the cake, reads “watch this!” and looks confused, that’s your cue to scream “watch this!” as you stuff his face in the cake from behind
I miss pearl
Very interesting. Extremely niché to apply, but that just increases the surprise lol. I will remember that.
If he’d tried to dodge it, he wouldn’t have been able to throw omen flash. That’s probably the only reason he lived.
Don’t give them ideas
Marlboro CEO rising up rn
It was sarcasm
Put probably 1000 hours into the game between launch and Harbor’s release. Game turned into way too much of an ability spam fest. To me every day they moved further away from being a tac shooter first. I just go back to CS when I want to play a tac shooter now. 

I still enjoy watching the pro matches, but I have literally no urge to play the game myself anymore.
What? Actually good design from the oldest tactical shooter that no one would complain about them taking?

Makes too much sense for riot, but you can buy a £30 vandal skin instead.
Flash myself so I don't  have to witness the horrors that are about to happen.
When you die, your hitbox is removed - game doesn't really need to pay attention to bodies getting shot -  and when you respawn it activates the hitbox again, probably resetting the "can take a hit of 999 DMG" check
"For Duo's Day, we experimented with a new twist on gun buddies. This one has 4 states:  
1. solo  
2. solo firing (gets😡)  
3. duo (when a person on your team has a gun equipped with the buddy too)  
4. duo firing (gets😍)"  
https://twitter.com/Preeti\_Riot/status/1757471520669282600  
You need someone else in your team to be alive and have a gun with the same buddy equipped, for yours and his to turn pink. I think if your duo dies, your buddy turns back to orange... I don't like this idea :(
Omen, viper, cypher, breach and raze ☠️ good luck
To elaborate on this for those who don't get it, you're playing against 5 real people just like your team. For you to have a good game someone has to have a bad game. You're not versus AI, you're not the protagonist.
You can cancel omen's ult to dodge sitewide ults like breach, fade, and kj
There's no crossplay so it would be fine imo. There's no aim assist in Siege, and that game plays well once you adjust.
Sometimes I just pop it immediately on the buy phase and don’t buy anything even if it’s not a save round. It’s not worth saving the ult for a long time for me unless I was gonna max out on money. Holding the ult is bad because usually I’ll get a few kills per round anyway so I don’t want to ult points to waste
The game was fresh and something new that I wanted to try while still being similar to counter strike.
I think there is more buying strategy now, since you might have to decide between buying utility or buying a stronger gun. I think before I remember buying double raze nade every round it was so broken, and easy to win ecos lol
Very nice looks great! This would pair well with some of those valorant mods people have made in minecraft.
currently his tracker says 202 solo, 18 duo and 3 five stacks
Alright, buckle up, friend, because it's time to ignite that fire within you! So you had a tough game, big deal! Every legend has faced setbacks, but they didn't become legends by throwing in the towel. They rose from the ashes, fueled by determination and passion!

Sure, you only got one kill this time, but think about it: that's one more kill than if you hadn't even tried! You've got the guts to step into the arena, to face your fears head-on, and that alone makes you a warrior in my book.

Now, I won't sugarcoat it: climbing the ranks ain't easy. But who wants easy when you can have epic? Embrace the challenge, relish the adrenaline rush of each firefight, and channel that frustration into raw, unbridled determination!

Those enemies who seem unbeatable? They're just obstacles waiting to be overcome. Train harder, think smarter, and unleash your inner beast! You've got the potential, my friend, and it's time to unleash it like a raging storm upon the battlefield!

So what if you're not Silver yet? That just means you've got room to grow, to evolve into a force to be reckoned with! Don't settle for mediocrity when greatness awaits. Rise up, dust yourself off, and charge back into the fray with the ferocity of a thousand suns!

Valorant isn't just a game, it's a journey, and you, my friend, are the hero of your own story. Embrace the struggle, seize the moment, and let nothing, NOTHING, stand in your way! The battlefield awaits, and it's time for you to show the world what you're made of! Are you with me?! 🚀🔥🔥
Have another one, If a teammate dcs at the beginning of the second round, you can't remake, cause their model is spawned, so not afk
considering the enemy was trying to entry as seen on the minimap i think the comms were clogged and all over the place
they have this https://www.oneesports.gg/valorant/crashies-fracture-ropes-ace-easter-egg/
One of the most wild cheats I had heard about was in Overwatch, dude built a bot to play a tank and follow him around and protect him. HE wasn’t cheating, but his *friend* who was a bot was cheating.
very true, I don't think they would let you join tho, would kinda ruin the balance for everyone else.
This is like when they overbuffed the ares only to nerf the absolute shit out of it a week later.
All these negative mf’s love putting other people down.

No you are not boosted. You USED to be boosted. But if you can solo queue and continue to perform well, then you’ve grown and have earned the rank.
For me, what helped is a friend of mine who’s diamond said that “the winner of a duel isn’t who’s faster, it’s whoever clicks the other person’s head first” taking your time is very important in low ranks. If you want proof, enter a dm and don’t shoot, just strafe and keep your crosshair on their head and see how long you live.
Yes! You can see from the map that chamber doesn't move indicating the wall blocked the ult
Yea, it basically throws most eco strats in the bin.  Light buying and forcing was a high risk play to begin with.  It’s just day one, and I’m sure I’m seeing this gun being played more often because it’s new.  But forcing went from risky to basically tossing.  Maybe even straight up throwing.
Yea after grinding today and yesterday, I'm upto only 116k xp
That's just for the sake of the game, lol. Imagine having infinite ults. I assume their excuse could be that they can't always revive themselves right that second. 

Like an energy-type thing, where they charge it up and use it once they have it. If they get caught and die without being able to revive themselves, they'll just observe through their own body (or second-hand through the realm we saw in their teaser) until they get an opportunity.

But yes, Clove is confirmed to be immortal. I love the line, "One downside of being immortal? I can't play dead!"
i recently came back after playing the beta, and i find swift plays is the best way to get into it. then just bite the bullet and hop into ranked when you’ve got at least map knowledge
Remember folks, deathmatch is for warm up and *nothing else*.
cypher ult
RIOT is good at creating something simple that just works. 

CS is better for content creation, variety.

I've seen tons of people playing CS just for the surf, or just for a certain game mode. Sadly RIOT won't add custom server anytime soon, probably due to minimize code exposure to hackers
Even once I saw it was serious I still read the whole thing expecting OP’s mom to slide her way in.
i love how without context this would sound so passive aggressive because usually the word ‘buddy’ has that connotation but this is the one scenario where it’s completely okay
bro thinks cypher goes outside 💀💀
Uninstalling

Haven't lost a game since
ZHEY ARE SOO DEAD
with Sentinels winning Masters with TenZ on Omen + new Controller agent, expect the increase of instalock omens and clove players glhf.
bro i’ve gotta be so ass, i got an entire set up and still play in plat. You in immortal using paper as a mouse pad 😭
For me it was to not shoot immediately
valorant is also my first competitive fps and i placed iron 3. it’s completely normal, and now i’ve been playing for about 8 months and i’m peak diamond 1, just keep grinding
He's totally right, do not defend undefendable. Yesterday I played game with Jett leaving after 3-4 rounds. Ended up draw 14-14. Games lasted 62 minutes. 

0 RR no way we we would have lost it if it was 5v5 last 24 rounds instead of 4v5.

I don't care about RR at all but I hate lower quality of games once I derank.

4v5 games should be just canceled with big penalty for leavers. Fix your PC or Internet or don't start game telling everyone you need to leave in 10 minutes. In what universe you can finish game in 10 minutes.
Clove. I mean i play them all the time and their smokes work anywhere. Pick me up is very good too.
Fnatic able to just hold their roster together and get even better and more polished as a team unit. 

Marved coming back so unexpected to me.
I found the warning on reddit. They should use their client more to put important information front and centre, like literally front and centre.

"!" in the middle of the ingame client.
Not really a better way to say but just think. Use the information you have to deduce the best thing to do based on your abilities. If they have used them flashes then you don’t need to hide from them. If you know where 4 of the enemy players but haven’t seen the fifth they are most likely flank.
I thought the slide buffs + energy regen buff themselves were enough, but this is insane, what a good day to be a neon player
Wtf that’s op
I felt this in my soul. Sometimes you pop off and drop 30, then the next you forget where the trigger even is for your gun and do questionable shit until you’re 1-14
“Ah this is a nice spot”
U weren’t lying when u said sometimes
I've personally hit some nice 4ks on Astra only for her to say some random cringe line that makes want to turn my Vandal on myself.
I am plat 2 rn. Never touched aimlabs, didn't even know what it was till like a few months ago. I can't be bothered by stuff like that.

You can do it!
Iso + Reyna

Just shield and dismiss away and get heal too
It may not *technically* be a bannable offense in live games as of yet, but Riot will for sure add it to the list.
I barely noticed the sens stuff. I did notice that you love reloading tho.
There is literally no reason why genders can’t play esports with eachother, other than players having some sort of bypass against the opposite gender
You’ll hurt him anyways, better to do it now when his feelings aren’t as developed.
You would've definitely died there if you managed to get it
The second a woman uses her mic you degenerates say the most vile shit.
if anyone wants to share codes to each other if some of us get lucky just reply
Havent played in years but I don't think this was ever a thing, it's a projectile that disapears when it hits the target
Valorant has a feature called MMR (match-making rating) which determines how much RR you gain. If your MMR is higher than your displayed rank, you'll gain more rr per win and lose less per loss. In this case, it seems that your duo has a higher MMR than you, so much so that even twice the ACS is insufficient to surmount it.
1. if you are hardstuck iron, **you should really not care about anything other than kills**. at least that is to my Gold II brain after watching hours of Woohoojin's videos.
2. Go to the **Practice Range**. 
3. **Don't even think about all  yet that deadzoning shit and all movement shit.** 
4. **Go to practice range**, open up **100 bots**, and shoot all of them, BUT make sure that **IT IS YOUR FIRST BULLET that hits them in the head**, plus that your **aim's loci must be in a straight line** from the epicenter of your initial aim. 
5. **Do not spray.** Do that like **3 times** and you will see improvements in your gameplay **INSTANTLY.** I promise you.
6. Iron players don't think. Iron players don't plan. Iron players can't play. as a former hardstuck Iron player myself, you must **keep a mental mindset** to **aim where you think the enemy's head WILL be**, BEFORE you even see the enemy.
This is the most phantom thing ive ever seen lol
Fnatic Manager here. Delete this.
Hey just some food for though but they hear the two tps separatedly so instead of just marching in place a tp inside the portal, put the clone in the same place you did then activate the clone, flash through the portal and tp hopefully it'll confuse the enemy enough so that they'll get disoriented get your kill and play safe throw a tp into hooka or anywhere else and get out.

Ez kills 

Hope this helps pce
Your KDA and ACS numbers are not what are used for the actual ranking system, they are just used to organize the visual scoreboard. The RR you receive depends on your MMR, which is different for both you and your friend.

If you want to know more about MMR, RR, and matchmaking, check out the [subreddit MMR explanation page](https://www.reddit.com/r/valorant/wiki/faq/faq_MMR).
I think the biggest issue with Cove is that it isn’t a very sturdy shield, meaning spam still beats it
I totally get where you're coming from, as someone who plays sova a lot the amount of times I have been accused of baiting when droning is a lot.
But remember that a lot of childish players are quick to throw the blame on others to protect their ego.
It's an insult to call this a new major game update

2 agents got nerfed, new skin bundle at the usual tims, new battle pass.

NEW ACT BABY LETS MAKE A TRAILER
she lost it the same patch they added 20 seconds to her cooldowns, but even with the subtle stun buffs and suck nerf she isn’t nearly as much of an option anymore.
They are all a part of a set
in comp/ranked - yes

otherwise no. casual modes are called that way for a reason.
I picked up the vandal … I personally dislike prime, it just sounds like a phantom (only reason 😂)
This is probably silver lol, iron guesses are crazy cause u aren't even insta-crouch spraying
my team always yells at me when i do these lineups
Sova shock dart being so low is a dead giveaway as there is an immenous learning curve to it that ends up making it much better than omen ult value wise. KJ turret being below reyna heal is another hint, KJ turret is much much better.  The reyna ult being above the kayo fragment is also extremely questionable. The fade eye and omen blind being so low is also very strange. You also heavily underestimate the boombot and cypher ult, seeming like you do not think info is very important?

Rank Guess: Gold
1.5k hours from FPS newb to Radiant is insane.
No, you just need a higher penalty for the highest rank. In an f2p game people will just Smurf otherwise.

If there's too much of a rank difference just make it so the highest rank plays for 1 RR. And then make it so if you're ascendant with 4 irons you're playing a full plat lobby.
the longest time I've played a game in one sitting is like 17 hours and that was Among Us during the active Discord times....
Came from csgo, I won a 1v3 clutch on bind b site and lost the round because I didn't know what key defuse spike was bound too lol.
unfortunately not. closest i had was reporting someone and getting that little message in chat while playing the next game "a cheater you reported got banned" (im paraphrasing but thats what it said basically)
I play clove with an aggressive playstyle and all I can say is if you’re stacked up and I kill your teammate you better trade them out cause if I pop my pick me up then I’m looking to take more space and get another frag before my stim/health boosts runs out.
Look at mr boring answer over here
This Jett can rebibe
Damn. People really forgot about replication huh
Maybe not the parts where it's lit up, but rather the parts where it's not
I used to play on high sensitivity almost same as yours. My friend suggested to reduce it once and started playing with 800 dpi and 0.4 sensitivity. It was incredibily difficult. Very difficult. It took a lot of time. But it has improved a lot. Even better than when I used to play high sensitivity. Try and give it time. Takes lots and lots of matches but eventually you'll get and feel better control.
My favorite is when the insta-lock Reyna makes their first comm 5 rounds in, "Can we get some comms?". Then either we never hear from them again or they're the most toxic piece of shit I've ever played with until I mute them.
a restaurant in Korea. One of her voice lines is "Feels like just yesterday I was chopping 달래 (korean chives) at the store. Wonder if that place is still standing."
I'm a 400 rr player. The most painful part of the map for me is B. B long feels relatively fine despite complaints. Attackers can scale quite quickly with some util, or defend quite well with OP and some initiator info to rechallenge. The part that feels the most toxic for both attackers to take, and defenders to retake is the actual bombsite. 

Even with proper smokes it requires too much util to clear the angles behind box, behind pillar, elbow, while being exposed to CT and players from mid. Because it is essentially an open square. Even at my rank it feels very sloppy to attack the site because there is no real way to isolate angles nicely. Could we consider adding a piece if cover in the centre? Or shifting the double box on the edge of the map so that there is a gap rather than it being flush. This would create another small lane  for players to path and reduces the feeling of toxic crossfire. 

For defenders retaking B site, once established it feels similarly bad to be stalled out in the open bomb site, before finally getting jiggled and stalled even longer from B long. Given the elevation, pillar, and cover at the top of B long, I don't think there is a single site in the game which feels as helpless from a defender POV trying to defuse.

I could think a bit more about suggestions if you'd like. But I think reducing the feeling of an open square would make the B site feel a lot less toxic for both teams.
Cypher
Funniest joke from valo community
Not even a counter. Iso had more than enough time to kill him.
Bro Virgil’s shotgun sucked in siege… not really the example you wanna use.
But you cant unlock the new agent with kingdom credits for 28 days after they release. You have to do it with exp grinding, real money or xbox gamepass
Luck is a skill too
Things you can do now: 

1. Spam smokes 
2. Commit to sprays with higher rate of success
3. More reliable spray transfers 
4. Run and gun/crab walk at close ranges, unpeek while letting the gun fire
5. nAts roleplay

Things you could’ve done on the Vandal:

1. Medium to long range ADS
2. Rapid strafe tapping/bursting
3. One tap jiggle peeks and stronger prefires 
4. Vandal diff a phantom player
Only good players go into deathmatches to warm up. Lower ranks don’t believe in warming up and just go straight into ranked cold turkey. Hence the low rank. 

This is why you go into deathmatch and go, “wow I’m getting tapped instantly without even getting a chance to react wtf”. Welcome to Immortal lobbies bois.
You smoke the choke at the start of the retake so your team can push out into site easier and then you smoke the bomb when going for the defuse to deny info
a reroll for even more shit skins for twice the disappointment
Probably because there could be some exclusive content for either, like I can see a Xbox or PS5 gun buddy for players who play, idk, 2-3 games on console
Since valorant is out, viper is like azir in league of legends
Radiant top 10
the flick on the KJ with the OP, was disgusting.
Wat DPI and sens do u play?
This is the fourth time this agent codename is "leaked" over the past year.
and here I thought I was about to see a nerdy lineup that gave info on three different points of the map at once
Dry swinging an angle sounds like the most low rank thing ever
Stop smurfing, if you want to help your bf just play Unrated.
This is the ugliest clip I've ever seen
s1mple
same!
Didn’t they get rid of the other maps in unrated and swift play or am I crazy
Moments like these really make me wish there was friendly fire like in CSGO. You want to hog spike and not plant? Fine, I'll shoot you and do it myself
Tbh i only cared about the kjxraze card and the <3 title and hoped they can be bought separately lol
mumbai server is just built different
Im silver 3 at the moment same as my friend
Brimstone main

-If you hear the stim beacon drop, hold your angles a little wider. We will be moving faster and you'll need more time to react

-Brim smokes last the longest in the game (19.5s) its very common to pop a molly in the smoke to hold off the push. I'll put the molly in if I really need to buy time (I'm on site alone)

-When Brim has ult, stay away from tight spaces (Lotus: Tree, Ascent: Wine etc.) If you're playing KJ,  you could pop your ult and bait out the Brim ult to start a good fake.

That's all I got
there's no reason somebody should be disconnected round one and the game should continue, just requeue if that happens, it really isn't that hard to be there ingame your first round of a match.
On mumbai servers, a trio was being toxic to me even though I was top frag, with the bottom frag guy calling out most of the slurs. 
It sucks to mute these toxic people because they are also the ones giving calls.
also its on LAN, holding angles has been stronger on lan for decades, and swinging has been stronger online for decades. Hence "onliners" etc.
Yeah you’re really mishearing since Cypher doesn’t even speak Turkish? He is Moroccan
People aren't gonna like it because it's different. But there's nothing actually truly all that different and we'll all get used to it and will stop ever thinking about it.
W take, cuz clearly Riot won't ditch radianite system since they make tons of money of it, but not a bad idea to include some radianite in the bundles maybe 50? 70? it will make sense.
Yep, Deadlock is dead
I don't consider that baiting. You're in an awkward angle, you're bonusing on a Stinger vs what I assume is a full buy, and Omen was behind you. When you peeked the angle as the smoke faded, you saw no one and got back behind cover. You seem to be outnumbered on site, and you have two teammates with a god flank if you give them time. 

This feels like a classic case of someone being mad that they lost a duel fair and square, and are looking for someone to blame other than themselves. It happens all the time, either because they're fragile and can't handle criticism (even when it's coming from themselves) or because they just don't understand the game enough to know what went wrong.

Your util usage seems really good, but don't forget your most valuable piece of util in this situation: The mute button. If someone only has negative shit to say, their comms aren't worth anything, and the whole team would be better off if you just muted them. I know it's not very satisfying, but you do get used to it after a while. These toxic people really are out there, and you don't have to be a captive audience for them.
Jump right in and honestly my first game is usually my best. I’ve recently started doing this for the first time this act. I’ve hit my peak rank this act at Diamond 3. I also work 40 hrs a week so if I warmup half my playing time is already gone. I usually start off strong, than will fall off a bit after 4-5 games.
It’s not really that weird.  I’m sure Riot has done the research to determine that a grouping system doesn’t provide enough value.  

Most people are already queued with friends and if not, would rather not group up with someone random (higher expectations than random soloq).   

Genuinely, it would benefit such a small player pool that it’s not worth investing time and money in.
As a fellow physicist I'm also wondering why people continue this path, especially on the r/VALORANT reddit.

Some things are better left untouched (like string theory)
[https://imgur.com/a/YGButjN](https://imgur.com/a/YGButjN)

screenshots from the game combat record and post match scoreboard
you back the fuck up, play retake, look for over extenders and hope your team has the brain cells to rotate over in time. luckily im plat i dont have to deal with this when i have a team of normal humans but i used to hate playing sentinels because of this
its good to be well rounded, but you need to be more than well rounded on at least one role to climb higher. i agree
That looks sick but it seems there is no finisher animation unfortunately.
Clove says “that was weird” (their line for being sage rezzed) rather than “im back for good” which is their normal line for when they stay alive…??
The problem was never he wasnt radiant, heis a great coach,  the problem is his marketing as this big bad radiant,  with shit like "Think like an radiant" videos that imply he himself is a radiant.
Phantom and vandal and op. I think they should exclusively make shorty skins from here on out, where each new release is like $20, just has a shorty, and really shifts the skin meta. And now that I think about it, they should remove all the skins people currently have to make sure we all start out at the same level.
I would definitely not use this since it’s the epitome of gaining an unfair advantage. Contact support but I’d guess they’d say the same.
Why fight the enemy head on when a can camp a corner with a shotgun
My right click doesnt do that!!!
Breach gets into his room *very carefully.*
Once I saw curry break the leer even before it could nearsight you and it was so cool it automatically programmed me to always shoot the leer. I always miss dizzy tho.
It's a very bad preview with a 50/50 chance of working. It's been like this since the beginning I don't know how they haven't fixed it yet. Small company with limited funds I guess.
ggwp but who's eating so loud damnn
Simple answer is "You're playing against different team with different game sense".

We all been there were we think we are so good at the game but next game we ended up bottom frag. So what I learned is that the adaptation skill is a must in Valo. So don't always auto-pilot with your strategies against all teams as it won't work. Try to analyze each team in first few rounds and understand when to be passive or aggressive. Otherwise you will only dominate in games where your Auto-pilot strategy somehow working with that particular team.
I'm red-green colorblind, and Viper's ult is impossible for me to play in. At the time I was playing, she was showing up nearly every match.

Hint to devs of any game; when making adjustments for colorblind people, a "one size fits all" filter doesn't work for all. Create sliders. Let me choose the colors. It helps all players, not only colorblind players.
Hot Fix:
- Episode 8 name changed from DEFIANCE to DEFIANCION
I only say ez when I'm bottom fragging and we win in OT
Why doesn't your team just go through the door? Are they stupid? /s
How does an ascendant not have ears????
No, he’s definitely not. Just make sure to correctly place your trip each round, and stay within its range. 

Use your unique positioning ability with his tp to either play unusual off-angles (up on boxes, weird, normally extremely risky angles for any other agent, etc) and his ultimate/sheriff to help balance your and your teams’ eco.

Other than his trip, his entire kit revolves around the element of surprise through odd positioning, and capitalizing on this through good aim. Isolate those 1v1’s, win them, and tp out to safety; that’s all it takes.
the game expects you to lose this game, its just doing its job calibrating your hidden mmr
It’s the top 500 in that region. Of course natural talent plays a part. Don’t believe anyone who copes otherwise
nah bruh i didn't know they released a new kayo laugh voiceline
Teammate got blue tint while enemy's got red tint. and they rotate differently. But it's true that clove's smoke is really confusing.
this! I love playing controllers, but sometimes just playing them feels a bit pressuring because you have to stay alive. Now I'm not a hyper aggressive player anyways, I'd rather say I'm way too passive even without playing controllers, and playing smokes enhances me playing passively even more.

Adding that no one takes spike and I have to hold on to the spike as well doesn't really help either.

Trying to find a good balance between living for a long time but also impacting the game enough through map pressure, smokes and kills is difficult, but somehow for me and my playstyle, it's even more difficult.
Drawn by a dude who has and likely will never see the naked female form
I bought too many Spectre skins. I’m in too deep to quit now.
Agreed and the rate of these players increase exponentially when I'm close to rank up or in the rank up game. Lol
when i underperform and we lose the game 11:13....if i would've pulled my own weight we would've won
Exactly
I will never understand why people love glitchpop. Mine are reaver and sentinels of light
fraudster cant address the fact that he has willingly been hiding this info for years and profiting from it, inflating his ego from it and building his brand around being a higher caliber player than he is. would you trust a doctor or someone who faked their credentials to get a big medical youtube channel going?
as an immortal level player. i will share my experience.

"I tend to go low level for in-site trips"

this is generally bad, util can hit ur trips and identfiy their location, making them useless. raze roomba, sky god, fade dog etc etc.

place in site trips at head level - no one is going to crouch under a trip on a site hit lol.

anti flank trips have to hit the head on crouch for obvious reasons. cant jump or crouch under.

ultimately, you dont want your trips to be spammed or be detected by util.

ALSO, if placing a god trip, PICK IT UP before they use util on the trip. reposition it.
I feel like its very region based, i found only 2 classics from outside of americas
I am hard of hearing and I'll play whatever I want, there are other resources in game.
most sane “I miss her” player
I think they saw that. That's why they'll miss that it's gone
love the agent hate the palyers lmao
What’s the context for Fade’s voicemail? Who is she looking for?
OP is a critical part of the game but typically you wont see good OP users until you start getting into Ascendant.

There is NOTHING more scary than a booster on Jett using the OP. bruh like, they are my worst nightmare
Was this before the Ascendant rank got added?
Thank you! :D
We need a suppressed Odin with 50 more bullets
You know, if it has that oceanic/underwater vibe to it, perhaps aesthetics is  a significant reason for why Pearl wasn't brought back to the rotation. Too many "oceanic" maps at once?
Kayo knock doesn’t count as a kill unless he full dies.
3 uses.
> Befriend the enemy
> Attack the enemy
> Make drama
It could be a myriad of reasons. 

My theory on a key contributor is that we're solidly post-pandemic now, meaning that most people who play the game (e.g. Kids, Students, Adults, etc.) have more in-person responsibilities and less opportunities to play than before.

It could also be that the ranked point system this season was less forgiving, making the climb harder for people or less appealing to those that needed to dedicate more time to uphold those ranks.

Is it that the game is "dying"? Unlikely. Other games have hit similar popularity periods where they're not always at 'peak' in some way or another, but it doesn't necessarily mean they're dead/dying games.
Well, that's why it's soo expensive, to force you to buy the BP, and if you never finish it, you will feel like you loose money, than you will play more and more only because of that...
Gekko too I guess
As a general rule, let the player do their thing. If you’re very confident they don’t know that they’re low, just say, quietly, “5 bullets”. No need to shout “reload”, just inform them and let them make a decision.
sorry you had to hear that, i know it can be hard to just ignore them. as a woman we hear that kind of stuff very often, and i’m sorry you had to hear people talk about your daughter in that context. the people on this game are weird as hell
Unless you provide some receipts this post is useless
Why is bro getting downvoted 💀💀💀 

It's a code made from long and short intervals of sound/lights, used to send messages
No one goes to tdm for warmup anymore they just come to my ranked teams
Cypher in french is the reason why i switched to english.
nah that’s reserved for Sova mains
*They also confirmed that cross-play will not be available between PC and consoles to preserve VALORANT‘s “competitive integrity*


At least most of our worst fears won't happen
The skill gap is big for beginners when your playing against people that know every peek lineup and frag in the world. Unless you have a lot of free time than it’s hard to invest time in it  and get good. Also theirs 0 rewards for anything while I’ve seen fortnite give players skins wraps and etc for completing quests .
I always saw that tho, I just kept telling myself “that’s his style”. Idk if things rly changed or if some ppl just get tired of it, but for me he’s always been like that.
This is actually good because I’ve never experienced fracture and pearl before and I can’t imagine playing the map blindly along with my plat teammates flaming
Cause it was 14-12, the closer the scores are the less rr you get
A lot of people instalock entries and do not entry ever, it is not a matter of filling, low elos just don't use abilities.
And also in DM you die insane amounts of times shot to the back or from the side so you have really short window to duel with someone.
Look man, I'm a 3d artist I don't know how exactly to communicate my thoughts through 2d. You're obviously a much better artist than me in terms of pen on paper, but this one just looks goofy is all I'm saying.
It do be like that in every rank bro. I felt personally attacked 😭
This is how all VCT matches should be played.
some people dont know what remake is and think its surrender, other times they say no because its their duo thats disconnected.
Astra is able to go into astral form and view everything happening in the map, except what the enemy is doing
Idk it feels you're playing on a sugar rush, take some time to connect the shot it's only natural you've lost the muscle memory after half a year
I tried Killjoy last week...
Curiosity? Not everyone is motivated by greed, the kid obviously has talent and maybe the parent wants to help foster it.
They can't, what happened here is that the ult got stuck and if it's stuck for too long the enemy is able to get out Something that should be fixed IMO.
That because you are playing nons-top take a break after every 2-3 matches 

Then see the magic 🎩 ✨️
As others mentioned, lower ranks may be populated by people trying out Valorant for the first time, migrating from other team shooters. But, for me, healer requests usually come down to Jett or Reyna instalocks. In my experience it's usually people with extremely high feeling of self-worth. They ask for heals in order to get a second on third chance on their duels, neglecting your own gameplay. As evident by loud bitching about it later on in the games. Again, in my experience.
Firstly, practice. You are not going to kill odin olayers with some magical tip suddenly. 

secondly, odin is not just a weapon which requires no skill lol. The only advantages odin players get is only when rifle players make a mistake. Odin should never win a fair 1v1 with a rifle.
Greenscreen skins all of them
we wouldnt have to wait if the game had a replay system, if only...
Um rito where’s that replay system so we can see that again
So funny that both die. Definitely not what you want lol
Yes, that makes the game so much better, especially if you play soloq.
People have been buying and selling cheats since the dawn of online gaming. This isn’t a new concept.
Isn't it obvious it's to prevent the game from kicking them out and giving them a penalty? lol
I would consider diamond on the higher end brut the 3/3/3 makes sense
I've had a number of sweet kids on my teams. I've had games where the entire team, including full grown men, started calling me "mom" because the one kid said I sounded like I'd be a great parent. That's happened a good 7 or 8 times, and it's unendingly funny.

I've had games with young girls that got really excited to hear a woman playing, and I had the pleasure of encouraging them. I've had period talks, talks about mean boys in school, gossip about the teachers and their parents, you name it. It always left a smile on my face and a warm, fuzzy feeling in my heart.

I've had 3- or 4-stacks of preteens playing together, throwing "your mom" jokes every which way and flaming each other for not getting kills. Absolutely hilarious to listen to, and they can be surprisingly receptive to callouts sometimes. Kids come up with the most off the wall ideas, I love seeing if they can make these plans work.

I've also had games where the kid told me to make them a sandwich and go handle my baby. Just like with adults, it all depends on the temperament of the kids lol.
Wingman is also the best thing in Valorant
Spoken like a man that has had a HWID ban 🫡
Lucky bastard. Lol, enjoy it!
Most funny thing is that the dev’s closing signature mentions being 0-12 on Haven this Act, a map that was removed from the map pool lol
You rule, fellow Iso main. Nice cosplay. 
Look at Google Trends, it’s growing, and I think this upcoming Valorant Championship is going to attract a huge audience, Valorant is cooking 👨🏽‍🍳
How come I have to give people my skins? 😂
Alt f4 activates it
Thats an insanely accurate comparison
During the time at which this incident occured, they had solo missions only which is why phoenix didn't recognise Jett. And nor did they know that there is another version of them (well, not all)
No I can't, because I lied
Jett is horizon, reyna is wraith, octane is raze. The trifecta
same girl! swiftplay, unrated, deathmatch, all fun enough. comp is a HELLHOLE lol you miss one shot and suddenly youre called all sorts of slurs, names and insults because you dared to comm once 😭

And the funniest part; they still send you a friend request after..?
I think that's the highest ACS that I have ever seen.
Couple of things I should say to this;

1. For every highlight clip, there are times that it absolutely doesn't work lol

2. I'm up to 23,000+ shotgun kills over 1,200 hours played. The practice definitely helps!

If you give it another try, good luck and have fun with it!
I always buy for my mates if they ask, I don't believe in punishing someone for a bad game they have
The importance of info increases the higher you climb.

Breach is very good in lower elo because there aren’t many strategies that gold players face. At most you’ll encounter a fake here and there, but you’ll be up against and playing a lot of rushes and 5 stacks, where breach operates the best. 

However, higher ranked players will cook up strategies and perform slower play. Default strategies, passive play and map control become much more prominent in the higher ranks. Playing slow is very much against Breach’s forte, and as the initiator, if you can’t gather info then you’re forced to take risks that could easily get you punished.

For example, a 5 man rush A main on ascent is quite common for attackers, but in higher elo a more common approach is to perform a 1-3-1 split on ascent, where the duelists and initiators take active space mid while the controller and sentinel take passive control of A and B main. In this situation, without any info gathering utility, your teammates are in the dark and all you can do is guess where they might hit. They could walk up tree and flood A, or advance into market, flood B, and maybe even take spawn control. Higher rated players will capitalize on the lack of info gathering utility of Breach, and slower play is extremely strong.
Dont play anymore but usually people dodge if they dont like the map or get someone on their team that they dont like/think they're bad or something else. Sometimes people might also dodge if they have something to do out of nowhere. Theres loads of reasons but these are the most "popular" ones dare i say.
I hate you u/constant_stock_6020 :( Why did you ruin my game.
At one point it did, but I learned to limit my comp games to just a few a day, and I still maintained my skill and performance. I think in general if your goal is to rank up, spamming games will lead to much worse consistency, so it is better to limit yourself regardless.
in comp it  doesnt matter too much but in pro play the duelist tends to be mid or fast rotate for instance jett is usually play mid with an op or on haven on gen. specifically dive duelists should be with the pack usually, but there can be exceptions like if they have an op, or a default and then they die bc they got pushed, or yoru
I'm unsure what you mean by "better characters" as the starter agents are used pretty frequently across most ranks such as Jett, Sova & Brimstone.
Set pc on fire and then start over
Iron 3 here: Are they supposed to push, even though they have spike control on site?
No, its the semi automatic rifle under the bulldog
Low elo or duelist main who is filling cuz two people already insta locked duelist.
I was so sad when I finally realized I couldN’t do my GIGIGIGIGIGIGIGIVE ME A CORPSE. At least we’ve still got C-CAGE TRIGGERED.
How about fixes to the loading screens and other stuff? For me and friends it's bugged sine a few wewks
the maps are the worst thing about valorant in general. i dont like the philosophy of every map needing to have a gimmick of some sort. have 4-5 "normal" maps in the pool, and rotate 2-3 gimmick maps in and out of the pool. every map has a super strong love/hate mentality towards it that other games dont have to deal with. in cs people dislike certain maps but not nearly to the degree that they do in valorant, and the problem is only made worse by having specific agents being far stronger/weaker based on map design.
No point in grinding immortal/radiant tbh. I’m not good enough to get to 200-300rr instantly. I have a full time job, friends, and other hobbies. I play maybe 40-60 games an act right now. I’m not terrible. I’ve hit immortal every single act since episode 4. I’ve hit immortal 3 in about half of those.

What purpose is there to grind immortal leaderboard when Riot will reset the leaderboard every 2 months and send us into the depths of ascendant every 6 months? 

I have an immortal buddy on every single one of my guns. The battle pass skins are shit. The map pool gets worse with every episode. My favourite agent gets nerfed over and over again.
im a plastic 1 female player who just started playing valorant 3 weeks ago. have turned down many boost offers from friends and sticking to swiftplay with them because i don't want to get trashed lol
I play Fade because i can do solo stuff if my team is shit. My util is super basic just throw it and peek with it.

I can play with team yes, but i dont want to rely 100% on my asc bot mates. I dont like entry and i used to play controller so fade is a really good solution for me.
Kinky
My shorty does not do that
Send me your PC, I'll take a look ;)
That's cypher firm ass
Panic press my ult
The good news is you’ll be playing against others who were also silver/gold just to get out of bronze, so it will be even harder this time!

Rank resets are stupid. Better off doing your placements then not playing for a couple weeks while everyone ranks up, then you can catch back up pretty quick.
I’d say just by positioning and utility you can make it to ascendent. MAYBE immortal 1 if you are a good igl and people actually listen.
You can also just wait a few rounds.
I want to know how many of them you would've killed had you actually seen them lmao.
What was it changed to? Ik some people were spamming it to basically equal "shut up"
C - gonna pick up the smoke and walk around with it.
The ass is way to big to be fade bro
it suppresses any and all abilities so anything that gets shut down by kayo should in theory get shut down by iso?
Omen though is still baller
Gekko. I need friends.
Bro is REACHING for it 💀
Wait this is DIAMOND 2?
I was pressing Q super fast, I was clicking my mouse like a maniac, and I’m bronze 🤣💀 I really needed that kill
Manila, Phillipines
Random question I was curious about

How much info did she get about Raze at the start before she voiced her to base her voice off? Was she aware that Raze would be in an LGBT relationship with Killjoy from the start? Or are these things Riot determine without VA's knowledge, or even something they thought of later on.

I'm just curious how much of the personality they learn before they VA and how much that effects how they voice the character.
I'm 29.
At least the atmosphere there will be awesome, wave to the cameras, and I,ll try to guess who you are 😆 

Hopefully, this idiot signed an NDA and is about to get shafted.
Caps lock
and they have removed the "going A, B, or C" commands
Fuck breeze all my homies hate breeze haven best all my homies love haven
Chamber is my best guy, don't change him. Everything fits perfectly even though I would have love a bit more range with the TP
A Chinese fixer understands the job isn’t fun and what the weight of killing is. His voice line pre round is “when we go out there, somebody dies. Carry that weight”
Huh? There was a Chamber on the team and the two choke stalling sentinels decided to be the ones contesting the famously open Ascent mid?
Dopai, especially good at duelist  
But coaching is not free

He actually hit #1 radiant ;)
I'll start by saying i think Woohoojin has made some great content that will help newer players learn the game. That being said, it is very clear from watching him that he lacks the mechanics and gamesense to hit Radiant, especially by solo queueing only. I have no doubt he can do it, but it will be a much bigger grind than I think he realizes.

As someone who has hit Radiant multiple times,  I believe it is ridiculously hard to do alone. It is much more difficult to solo carry in a game like Valorant just due to the nature of relying on certain abilities/roles to have success. There is also the issue of actually making good decisions while playing. In my opinion, Woohoojin has a good understanding of the fundamentals of how to play Valorant. Even so, it is a whole different beast when you have to actually make these decisions in real time while actually playing, instead of watching a VOD. It took me literal years to get comfortable making the right decisions by habit. Anyway, I hope he sticks with it and I wish him the best of luck
you are awesome hahaha
I requested some action on A-side, and not only did my wish come true, but I was also treated to even more excitement haha
It is probably what is called confirmation bias
As someone who has 1.8k hours on console rainbow6 and who is sick of that game, I'm looking for giving a try to valorant. Never played it before.
Bro in the back perked up at fracture and bind. Great speech man
These clips are NOT mine!

Links:

https://youtu.be/UFGWn5MSoK8

https://youtu.be/L0IpyP1j0zM
yeah and he makes those skin videos.
Wooj is very intelligent and hands down one of the best sources of information for Valorant, but it doesn’t make him god.

He could certainly be unlucky and get bad teammates, but I’m sure he also has personal shortcomings in his games that’s causing his elo to plateau.
Why would a gaming company say their game is struggling / player count is less unless its extremely obvious ? Riot doesn't even disclose live player count.
Kinda nasty on entry for some maps. Kit is a lot more useful than i had expected it to be. (very low elo btw)
if you would have asked your teammates if you did shot, they would have said you didn’t. this is very common in multiplayer games because of “client prediction”. each game client tries to predict what other players (and you) will do to provide an instant feedback instead of waiting for the server.
in valorant, bullet tracers and first person animations are mainly predicted so you saw the tracer but in reality you dis not even shoot.

but yeah, it sucks.
We need kill cams in Valorant.

Gimme Cross-mao Kay/O montages.
So one user already pointed out stuff on the tracker, but something a lot of people forget is that the higher in a rank system you get the less you’ll be rewarded for wins and the more you’ll be punished for losses in order to keep only the best at the top. I’m very high in RL and every loss I lose 12-15 and gain 9-12 on most wins so I naturally fall if I don’t consistently win.
mf recalled 💀
I won't allow it. You must continue playing Viper and stay stuck in low tier hell. Random person on reddit has spoken
Not an answer to your question but if this is real, some people truly are built different lmao 

I played video games A LOT as a kid, but at age 9 I still found Zelda bosses hard. Your brother has a bright future ahead of him (whether or not he chooses to go down the pro route)

P.S. the fact your parents have already "chosen" a law career for your 9 year old brother is toxic as fuck.
There is a rule.
- You will lose 20% of your games no matter what
- You will win other 20% of the games - no matter what (you can be afk and you still will get carried)
- 60% of the games - you have most impact on, and your performance decides if the game is lost or won.
- Think about all of this: you got throwing sage in your team, but same sage can be in the enemy team in the next game, and they will lose cuz of that.
Sometimes you get some lose streaks, and you can’t do too much about it, but most of the time teams are „balanced”
I guess the idea is that a person who makes a suboptimal play and wins due to its unpredictability, the “so dumb it works” strategy will in the long run be less successful than someone who plays “correctly” in all circumstances. Thats why the high elo players all consistently pilot similar strategies and team comps. This is especially the idea of “meta” if im not mistaken.
 Nothing you can do, but be a good human. Report and stand up the them!
Clove is the one you pick to not be left out when your teammates thought 4 duelists was a good idea but still want to actually have some teamplay with smokes
winning the game after multiple OTs

winning a 1v1 duel where both the enemy and I whiff almost the entire mag

winning the first round after going like 0-7

ending the game with a 0.1 K/D 

ez
That would actually be an insane buff given that every other initiator has an ability that reveals the location of enemies
The truth is, if you're actually as good as you say you are then eventually you will move out of Iron. It will take a few games of you carrying your team. I remember being Iron feeling absolutely hopeless and, as if light switched, I started cooking. I'm about to hit silver for the first time after playing for 3 months now.
this is the one. the only ult that makes everyone turn around, knife in hand, and absolutely nope the fuck out of whatever chokepoint they were thinking of pushing
Iso’s ult doesn’t affect your hp outside of the ult. You exit the ult with whatever hp you had before you entered it.
Woohoojin would be the first to tell you that he's not a good Raze main.
I love this, but valorant is risky, afraid to get banned lol.
You nailed it more people need to learn that it’s a team game your viper utility prolly helps your teammates significantly more then Reyna
20% wr in breeze.. totally can relate
If you enjoy it, you're good
higher than me = high elo
2400 credits, around 140dmg bodyshot, holds two rounds like a shorty
You just know that Killjoy was getting flamed hard
"*i miss you* username" ahh story
Kevlar, used in bullet proof vests and John wick suits. 

Sidenote, I have to point out that Kevlar can't be pierced by bullets but you'd still feel the impact and it'd just leave an insane bruise instead so I'm not sure how John wick is supposed to work
Why does the fixed look way weirder than the normal??
I didn't get the Woohoojin hype, to be honest. From what little I watched of him, he seemed incredibly full of himself and constantly put down the people he was coaching. Any decent coach knows people learn much better with positive reinforcement than negative. He's just incredibly rude and narcissistic for no reason. 

As for the actual advice, while most of it isn't BAD per se, he presents it in a really weird way.

"This peek only has a 45% chance to succeed."

What? What are you talking about? You can't make a definitive percentage over a very fluid and constantly changing engagement. He just pulls random statistics out of his ass and peaches it as gospel.
True but that's what she was made for, unlike sage
Skye needs her regen birds back :(
With the new faster dismiss this works wonders. You just have to hope they’re peeking the first angle though
They nerfed sage self heal because it encourages sage players to play selfishly and use it for herself rather than her team
Why engage with a lore thread if you're too cool for lore lol
Actually, it is possible to ult 2 times as a sage in a single round, so you can kill someone 4 times
I'd like to see Heaven again 🙏🏻
breeze. breeze. did i say breeze? yeah breeze
Or for trolling
I don’t understand the comments about trust. OP clearly wants to surprise her, giving her money to buy/gift card won’t be as surprising as he wanted it to be.

OP, here’s a couple of ideas. Tell her you’d like to watch her play and also want to see the skin she’s raving about. Log in on her PC, send her away for 5 minutes (some or other pretext), Homepage > Store > You’ll see bundle right on top, quickly complete your purchase.

If yours is a long distance relationship, tell her you’d like to try the game once but don’t want to create an account for this, ask for her login and buy the bundle.
Dive duelist goes first yes but why are we forming a line to enter site? Second person in should and could be anyone and ideally everyone behind the dive duelist comes in site within 2-3 seconds as this is the best time when defenders on site are focused on either the duelist or the team which makes it real easy to trade or just kill them
Graduation Cap gunbuddy lezgo!
Frenchie, can confirm, that's why I play on London. Bear in mind, Paris' server is even worse because there are a lot of players who just don't know English. Trying to comm in English here is hell. Got insulted once because I still tried to comm in English with a non-french speaker.
considering how things go the game's meta will eventually become just reyna + vandal with everything else nerfed to nothing
I have to breach ult someone off the map
yeah they just gave us a blondie in a hoodie lol
So full team can mean 2 of 2. Still plays the voiceline tho.
You gotta put yourself into left side of the bottom box so you can see the door on the left by a tiny bit. Then you gotta put your crosshair in a crack of the top box (left corner) and spam w+shift+jump+crouch at right time. It's kinda hard to explain but you can probably find it on YouTube when you type Ascent A box boost
Rule of thumb for this game is that if your gameplay is making the enemy mad, you’re doing something right
Roza is the only one consistently used imo. I know what you’re referring to with TenZ but Ardiis and T3xture I have no clue.
Fck yeah. Cant wait to meet console immortals.
BIND BELONGS TO THE BRIMSTONES
You forgot lotus with the rotating doors
The only buff she needs is that when you shift walk her trip, it warns like when you are close to a Chamber trip but without triggering it.
i’m sure they pay people a lot of money to know what’s best for them financially
50 here, G3 peak. 95% of my matches are with kids younger than my own.
>nothing will happen if we stay quiet

People are BEGGING to get a replay system (check every single video's comment section in Valorant's official channel on YouTube), for years! Riot does not care.

People are BEGGING to have more slots in the shop (heck, this is to spend money!) and Riot does not care.

I have never been this hopeless about potential features in a game. If Riot did not announce it, you should neither request it nor hope for it.>!Even if they announced it they can backtrack... they announced the replay system & gifting skins a few years ago.!<
Nice ace! Your aim is not that bad! I have one advice, place your crosshair a little bit higher. Not much, a bit is enough, then you would be on head height. I like your aggressive movement. An ace after such short playtime is impressive. 

Keep it up :D
15 VP nets a positive post on Reddit.  ROI at its finest.
Played way less games a day, was always hyping my team up and just didnt shit on anyone when they played bad because everyone has bad games
I hope they make the scope fov the same as the OP, marshalls too zoomed in for me
I actually hope they don't patch this.
I thought that too that maybe i just forgot i sent them a request a while ago but if they waited this long for a trick im impressed lol
No Xim so far, they actually ban them! It’s a spectacular replacement.
And you guys aren’t even bad players.. thas crazy
The timing of this post is unreasonably funny
play to improve, never to get rank
The arbitrary gating off maps needs to go.  leave the limited map pool to the pros. The majority of players don't need to worry about map ban/pick rates etc. Just give us a method to select/deselect our preferred maps like CS and leave it at that.
i like how you put maybe on skye dog with teammates breaking trip

but omen TPing into site to shot trip/raze updrafting past trip to break it is somehow 100% happening lol
In game development terms, her model turns off collision with instances of placed abilities.
why am i watching a video for ants
I don’t know what it is about the Guardian but almost every single new player I personally know (friends and family) prefers/uses the guardian over automatics.
I think it was definitely ddos. Also, the enemy team just starts pushing mid so they clearly knew
YEAAAAAHHH PAPER REX LETS GOO
That would be one source of damage then, and should get blocked. He has to get hit by the rocket directly, which does damage. Then the aoe is a second damage source
Additionally, the turret does around 14 DMG if it shoots someone, making it an oneshot with the outlaw on full shield enemies
I really doubt it. Mac gamers make up about 1% of any given mac compatible pc game, so it’s reallly not economically viable for companies to make games for macs anymore. Cope and buy a PC
Ok but like if the bombs down and ur playing a main as a duelist with both satchels up i would report lmao. Nice lineups tho
Don't spray them.

Tap them to the beat of Seven Nation Army. That's the fastest you want to go.
Also a controller main here. I can never perform with the Phantom with any consistency. Whenever I get back into this game and grind, I just stick it out with the Vandal 95% of the time because I simply cannot get the Phantom to work for me. I don't know what I'm doing wrong, but it never feels anywhere close to as accurate even though it's supposed to be more accurate. 

I'm close to getting back into Immortal and still can't use a Phantom. Feels like I'm the only one as half the lobbies are full of Phantoms now, especially the other Controllers, but I'm allergic to having consistent success with the gun.
hulk hogan?
Editor sacked thanks
It's just revolver ocelot, I can't not see it
stinger clears 😭nobody should ever buy spectre 
I play like 1-2 games a day. Valo is intense, and I can't concentrate fully for more than 1.5 hours
Cypher and Omen are my favourite characters, but I find them difficult to play, so I play Killjoy and Clove instead haha
Big titty goth girls
Some people’s definition of fun is to increase their skill level and to win, climb ranks etc.
There is nothing wrong about that imo.

There’s also nothing wrong with taking it easy, enjoying other modes like deathmatch, quicker games, etc. Valorant *is* pretty much the biggest shooter and one of the biggest games overall rn, with a huge playerbase. Obviously within such a large group of people there will be different interests, and it’s not really up to us to judge:)
It looks like they're not stopping on your screen but they are.
Oh hey, I might know him! Just sounds like 70% of my randoms. He isn’t a super villian, he’s an immature man child

I mean imagine taking the one pleasure from someone who logs in to play 1 comp game after a long day. I warm up for 10-15 minutes, I want to play 1 good game. Then I am done. And there he is, your friend who is someone I woulnd’t have crossed paths with in no way, except for this online video game, throws my game and 40 mins of my time. Because it’s fun man! Online gaming taught me the majority of people are ass hats. 

Worst part is, all of this serves riot. Your jackass friend throws my game and now I am down RR. Now I have to play more because I want to rank up. Now my grind will take longer. So why in the hell would riot do something to fix this? Well, they don’t!
Yeah difference between an alt account and smurf account
"Just aim head." If you need to tell a person this, then they gave separate gunfight problems that aren't just aiming at the head
If it makes you mad then probably not worth playing it. some stuff can be tilt worthy but utility is what differentiates this game from other tac-fps
anyone who is shitting on this, is one of the toxic mfs who is ruining the experience. This is a great update that I hope will work smoothly.
you have to place it at the exact time where your character stops increasing in altitude. call this vertical deadzoning
He explicitly pointed out a situation in which a teammate leaves mid game and you still are able to get to a 12-12 but you can't draw on the overtime because you're missing one vote.
its common for killjoys to put mollies where jett dashes, doesnt seem bad
If you only buy light armour that round it will only give you light armour in the ULT
I personally find playing 3-4 comp matches is adequate enough of a warm up before jumping into AimLabs
A lot sits in mental of a player some ppl can solo carry while trolling so I just recommend not focusing on it 24/7 cuz it will make you play worst
Replay system and spectator system, similar to Dota2.
You are trying to tell this community to stop buying skins? Good luck. :)
I didn’t care for this one. The battle bears or whatever aren’t great to me and that’s half the skins
Looks like Gekko and Reyna are going to have some story relevance, especially with Deadlock not liking Radiant creatures, possibly even Radiants themselves
it reset today because it’s the end of the week. check the shop again; the wait is a week :/
Oh my god they finally made the e-kitten skinline
Holy hell, I loved his tutorials
I was able to get my first free agent the day that neon came out. People were asking me how well she worked, but I was still trying to figure out which key opened the buy menu
Lmao definitely not fade
Xbox gamepass 😎
Shots 1-5: Clearly missed.  
Shots 6-9: Missed due to recoil (bad spray control).  
Shots 10-11: Very close, but recoil and inaccuracy make these reasonable misses.  
Shot 12: Likely didn't actually fire because you were already dead.
Almost like there's an obvious healing beam going towards her while u're shooting her...
Highest pick rate across all ranks has Omen (although on some maps Brim or Viper have higher pick rates).

Highest win rate across all ranks has Brimstone (although on some map/rank combinations others are higher).

So overall it seems to be Omen or Brim. The others are even more map dependent.
I always use a sniper in any game that it’s an option. When I stared valorant I googled the best agent for sniping and found chamber. I started after he was nerfed too so I never really felt the pain of old chamber mains and it made me fall in love with the game
First move is to step away from duelist. Leave this to the youths with sub 100ms reaction time. 

Crosshair placement is going to be your best friend so learn it well. You're not going to be able to pull off those nasty flicks that can sometimes save you if you're aiming at the wrong spot. You wait for their head to come to your crosshair and shoot. 

Learn some fancy lineups. This requires no reaction time at all and I've seen some bad brimstone players on youtube get to a respectable rank because they know 3 lineups for every default plant.

You tried taking some caffeine before games? It usually halves my reaction time especially when I'm sleep deprived.
Bro risked his ban for us o7
I always think about a sand storm centric sentinel (maybe Egyptian?) with a goggle based ability. Triggering the goggles allows heat signatures to be visible through smokes for a few seconds.  Basically a character that is at advantage when nobody can see. Goggles seem strong but balanced by the fact they are pointless with no smokes out? 

 Another ability could be a cypher wall that slows/smokes inside.  Maybe a locust scout ability you can place for info. Ult could be similar to vipers maybe. Would have huge advantages for short periods of time, but lacks the traditional stopping power of someone like KJ or intel gathering like cypher. 

Feel free to critique, it's not perfect but I love the concept and I think the mechanics are already in the game mostly :D
The snap phoenix makes when pulling out his flash
All ranks have their gimmick.

Iron = Newbie and noobs. They enjoy the game as long as they can tap a headshot.  
Bronze = Casual players. Disorganized and play for themselves.  
Silver = Casual players decide to not being a casual anymore so they started to climb to gold.  
Gold = Chill peoples, they don't feel like climbing, they want nice teammates more than a good match.  
Plat = Shit show where skill gap between players is huge, a play ground for ascendants and his girlfriend.  
Diamond = People think they are good, huge ego start blaming on chat for every single mistake that's not from them.  
Ascendant = Bring your popcorn and watch how Immortal alts destroy Diamond player's fragile ego.  
Immortals = "Nice try bro, unlucky", then process turning off mic and coping why is his teammate "dogshit".  
Radiants = Can't really talk shit toward their teammates because they know they are gonna match with them right after, or worse case they might get shit on by the person they just shit talked.
I'm more shocked about a Phoenix+Yoru+Brimstone on Breeze
level to 20 on the bots, get them in iron, sell for two dollars
Im one of those skinless teammates and I never pick them up. to quote the lonely island: Do I look like a charity case? I dont need your handouts! maaaaan

lmao
did grinding valorant cut into your studies / job or is it possible to balance it
Like 600-700 or so, regret some of it cuz i dont equip the skins.

If i didnt have the money i wouldnt have spent it so, its Nice to basically be Done with skins, its just the dupes i never equip i regret
Honestly it just shows a bias you have on what is considered 'Aiming'.

I've watched a few of the things you've posted and your ability to be precisely on target when it's time to fire is better than 100% of the people I play with (Silver lobbies).
nope it was literally just kayo killing everyone
Shame on u/Constant_Stock_6020 for causing this nerf
Since others focused on the roles aspect I’ll address your question at the end of “if I have a shot at going pro or are just delusional”

You’re at the age and near rank of where you have the potential to but it’s not just about that, there’s more to it. There is no “do this and you’ll be pro” but here’s some advice if you want to increase your chances of pursing that path..

1.) networking

With anything in life, it’s *all* about who you know. You can have all the qualifications for a job but if you don’t know the right person you’re not going anywhere. You have to network yourself (aka social media presence) and try to stand out and make a name for yourself.

2.) join a team

Whether it’s for your high school, university, small regional tournaments, or a team going for challengers you HAVE to show you can work on a team and produce results. There’s plenty of radiants/immortals, right? Why are most of them not on a team. There’s a number of reasons but something that will show you can be on a pro team is working in that environment.

I’m sure there’s more advice others can give but I feel like these are some of the most vital parts. Keep in mind there’s *a lot* of competition, so to be perfectly honest I wouldn’t put all my eggs in 1 basket of “I’m going to be a pro player”. Continue with your studies and have a game plan of what you want to do in life at the same time as grinding the game, but just remember you have to put in the work if you want to go anywhere in either respect. NOTHING will be handed to you.
To my knowledge once you are hit, healing stops and cannot continue to heal for at least a 2 second delay after taking damage while mid devour.
I feel like ascendant is the rank where it’s starting to be structured enough where you don’t clear EVERY single angle. But seems like the guy wasn’t watching his minimap. Guy is probably yelling TIMING.
Once got 44 rr from being 16/8 as the only bronze in a gold lobby, you might have been matched up with people with higher mmr or you just played insanely well. The star also means performance bonus I think
Unrelated question: What is the background music called?  
  
My Answer: First bullet accuracy sometimes works against my favor, especially on Vandal. But for me, I wish the vandal recoil reset were faster. There are times where if you tap quickly a few times, the recoil inaccuracy continues to ramp up and makes you miss subsequent shots.
yeah jett and raze can get up there quite easy, was it not always like this?
Bro is going to unrank 💀
Shotguns, Odins, Sheriff, Phantom are still frequently played so I'd buy full armor whenever I can
I would never think twice about an older teammate but I will ALWAYS debate queue dodging if I hear a child.
How dare you blatantly disrespect Mosh like that.
You do understand that riot would have to go through every single language on earth to be sure that one added letter doesn't change the meaning to be "fall" or "cat" in some language that has 5000 speakers.
Waiting for Haven to come back..
yeah, 90% of assets are new. WR just don't have my epic olympic anivia skin or some god forsaken gold or black alistars.
e-sport ready
Continue walking because I can’t see anything in the pit
It's also cause she shoots faster in ult form
Bastardi parlano di pizza e pasta tutto il fottuto giorno😡
Playing smokes will help you learn the map faster though
How many hours did you put into the game? No matter how much I try, seems like I'm meant to stay bronze.
Cypher 🔛🔝
Double controller works just fine relax
No matter what you do. The Abilities already do the right thing
>Crouch spraying and bad hygiene in dms will never help you actually improve, so this builds discipline.

Shower before you dm folks
yea I used to be a t3 sub but over time he just became insufferable. feels like he spends half of the time in vod reviews just flaming the shit out of people. he still knows his shit and gives advice that no other coach in the scene provides, but the way he delivers that advice now just feels so egotistic and mean-spirited
That 3 stack who would rather lose than comm literally anything, but doesn't forget to cuss in VC after the game is over
What's below Iron?
I main Clove and the past couple days I've noticed some weird stuff- like I'll go to throw a smoke, and the ball disappear from my hand, but it won't deploy my smoke and the little butterflies will just be flying around my palm.
ive played CS since 1999 and yes there are smurfs and game ruining idiots but i have never seen so many of them as I see in Valo, you would kind of expect that players in same ranked division have similar skills, duelists have maybe more frags than sentinels and controllers give or take, but the difference in skill level is insane in almost every match.

There is almost always 1 guy who absolutely pops off in my or enemy team and then some folks who walk aiming at the ground not strafing, full spraying while running etc, so someone is smurfing or boosting someone I guess.

Wish the game was 15$ or something to reduce it.
Finally a counter for the Viper ult
the thing about 2 is that raze and jett need actual technical skill to use their util, the difference between an immortal jett and a bronze jett is night and day and similar story with raze. what makes reyna so prominent in smurfing is that the only skill needed to play reyna is simply just being able to tap heads which is significantly easier than having to master an entire toolkit like you need to do for any of the other duelists
Y’all two adorable, now kith.
yep, the best ace is the one you get as a clutch
ghost for every agent? no. for sage, her wall is strongest on pistols. for omen, you can, but youll be putting down paranoia. kj’s post plant with alarmbot+nade combo is bound to shred through light armor. for skye, full util is extremely strong
This is messed up wtaf.
"Unless I'm understanding it wrong, English isn't my first language"

Goes on to post the most eloquent and nuanced post about a Valorant agent's lore, with perfect grammar and prose.

Bro I think you have better English skills than 99% of natives.
This reads like a circlejerk post lol “while I lurk as duelist”
*SCATTER*

Oh sh*t they did
My biggest problem with him was chat asking about the opinion of an immortal duelist main and him responding that the guy is not radiant
That’s just not true at all…
well well well if it isn't the invisible cunt.
Sorry. It must have been hard going through school named Champions 2022
tbh there's actually a shitton of people playing pubg and it's still very actively developed (surprisingly)
Viper can only be nerfed by increasing the costs ig? Or maybe the time the wall or the orb stays up and the time taken to regenerate.. she’s already nerfed. I wouldn’t want a nerf over her. Please!
Y'all are sharing the same 2 braincell to synchronize before the game.
this is how everyones controller main story starts lmao. I thought the same thing and basically filled smokes from silver to immortal and now thats what im most comfortable playing now lol
Left or right boob/titties. Middle of them is cleavage.
Off topic I love your flair wtf lol
Its 5 stacking. They had 3, 5, 10, unknown (around 10) and 13, so around 40/5 = 8 which is silver 2. Vs ur 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 which is 7 so silver 1. So averages arent even that different
They're an impact fragger = more early kills. 

Also, when you hover over the ACS column in the scoreboard, it is detailed there number wise how much combat score you get depending on when you got the kill. Basically, the earlier the kill, the more the combat score. That score determines who gets MVP
I have no idea how Sinatraa has any fans
Its a tactical fps. How many more creative way can you moly, smoke, heal
put mouse wheel jump as secondary key so that you can still use space
You are one of my new favorite people.
Cool now do it in 50.315 seconds
Yes, with two currencies it was already not so easy, and with three currencies it is even worse.
valorantcc
The time you save is probably worth more than the small rr you save honestly
The raze that's either "fuck it we ball" and proceeds to do 3k or satchels into the face of an OP and dies before saying: "bruh"
Killjoy on her way to be in her 1 yoctobillionth cinematic in a row
Of course the Reyna's lurking.
Because they are assholes.
mmr must be broken i keep getting placed gold
I bet we could see it go down with a replay system!
Just keep playing for fun it's a video game. If you're not having fun why keep playing? If you get good just to make the game harder. If you're having fun you'll just improve naturally
I am actually kind of impressed the Sova got his ult right on you first try. 

Bronze players adapting to bronze playstyles. 

Also, nice ace!
Kay/o, Reyna and Astra are at the top with phoenix and clove as close second due to their immortality
Idk if a banana would be comfortable to sit on
Lol ult diff
Thank god, attacking on this map was awful
You should report that to the riot support, immediately. That is turbo reportable. Are you from NA?  


Here in EU i never had that issue. You should just report the kid with a support ticket here [https://support-valorant.riotgames.com/hc/en-us/requests/new](https://support-valorant.riotgames.com/hc/en-us/requests/new) and then move on.
I wish my opponents just lined themselves up like that too
Seems like a skill issue to me
You aren't pulling down your shots so already after your first bullet, the rest are likely going to miss. Your first bullet accuracy is also not the best in the clips but maybe its just an off day. It looks like you need to get better at bursting while adding in better strafes. Try medium bots in the range and just fully strafe until the bot appears then try and tap it. Rinse and repeat. You should be aiming for 30/30 consistently while strafing and shooting medium bots.  
You can also work on your recoil by specifically aiming at the chest of a bot in the practice range and trying to kill it in 4-5 bullets to the body.
"Abilities don't kill"
This community is so cooked I don’t ever tell anyone I play this game
If you have fun keep playing. If not, then stop playing.

If you want to improve, a new PC or better internet should help. Players struggling to get out of this rank usually have technical problems.
Me holding down the button with an Odin
Just finished up my shift at Montana’s BBQ & Bar tonight, weird thing was I saw this guy looking at his phone and then immediately calling to his knees
They wouldn't want to make it too good since then people would always just wait till the night market to buy anything.

Next time you see the skin you've been eyeing in your daily shop you'll buy it probably. Then if you see a good skin in the night market you'll buy that too.
Bruh stay alive you are killjoy
what a kind person
I hate that it is gone from rotation
Anotha one.

Queue it up again and don't look back.

There will be a "smurf" in every single game but not in the way that you think.

Every single game someone is going to DESTROY the entire lobby with over 300 ACS.

Sometimes they will be on your team. Sometimes they will be on the enemy team.

Sometimes it will be you.

MOST OF THE TIME, it won't be you.

You gotta queue more to offset the games that don't feel right.

Good luck! and if it's not fun, maybe play another game.
Take a shower, do a little bit of research on sleep, go outside for a bit each day, try some skincare, and try deodorant. (Human interaction is pretty good too)
I don’t understand why they removed hallway. It was the only way to reliably keep defenders stretched out and now you don’t have to watch it. What’s the point of even keeping drop tbh?
I love how the best use of his ult is grabbing the fucking spike
Not for me because I’ll be the one that gets head tapped early by an enemy who I see while spectating later in the round is crouch-spraying an entire clip into my teammate and hardly hitting them 😂
Kill mode activated. That was a joke. Kill mode is default.
His trips were one and done, which were easily dealt with via a tonne of utility (Skye dog, Raze bomb buddy, Sova Drone). Even if they did hit someone, it was still an easy trade for attackers. One for one. Free site.

Now the trips re-arm so quickly that they typically catch at least 2, possibly more enemies unless they’re destroyed, also harder to do on a lot of maps where Cypher is run (Breeze, Sunset).
Like I went to his dorm room earlier today and he wrapped a band around his keyboard and put a thumbdrive in between the band and the W key so it would continuously walk in game, preventing afk disconnects

Then he started laughing hysterically and said “YOU DID THIS TO ME RIOT”
Well she's the main engineer, but yeah she's always there lmao
I’m sorry but it’s obvious isn’t it? C’mon man use your HEAD
Why's it not like Overwatch? Where if a player leaves, you're allowed to leave after two minutes without any personal penalty to yourself (i.e. ban) but it still counts as a loss.

In that scenario, if 1 person leaves but you feel a 5v4 is winnable, then great everyone can choose to stay. But if you decide, nah we're getting stomped, people can leave without being banned or anything like that.

I'm new to the game via console, but feels like a massive miss step when each game is 30 minutes +.
Probably agent #8 since it seems he is time related and 8 kinda a symbol for infinity
That should definitely be a kill. Not sure why people are defending it. It’s point blank range, at the floor and not the wall behind deadlock. I bet it landed at some obscure part of the ground tho that the game considered a high enough ‘wall or hole’ in the ground.
This should even be a debate:

Ranked: 7 map pool

Every other mode: all maps
That was Astra
Nice can’t wait until I have to play breeze/icebox 10 games in a row
IMO the biggest change is that sites that are being held down by OP'ers are now vulnerable because Iso can just tank the first shot without needing a kill first.
It's actually a basic  concept. If the enemy hits a site, one awp is retaking

OR

Two awps are watching the same couple of angles
Recently went viral on TikTok. But it’s been here forever
Imo, switching from 60hz to anything higher makes quite a big difference. This is from someone who switched from 60 to 144.  


Everything is smoother, including aiming and the movement of the enemies, it makes it a lot easier to improve at aim and crosshair placement. 

I don't see why everyone is saying that it doesn't make a difference. It really does, trust me.
Haha, that seems just about right, I think this goes for every other game if we are being fair.
Don’t think I have. 

They either 

1) Beg for skins, not “yo can I get your skin” they straight up annoy you and throw if they don’t get it every round. Will also throw the round because they saw a shiny skin and have to pick it up. 

2) Just being annoying and cringy in voice chat. Will also never com anything on top of that. 

3) Will never follow any instructions or play with the team. 4 on one site and walled off. Will they rotate with the team? Nope. 

Luckily they never make it out of iron/bronze and are too annoying for anyone to carry them out of it, so you only see or hear them rarely.
Yeah a lot of people who complain about this are the same people using tracker overlay and/or tilting themselves before the game begins based on expecting the game to be decided already. 

Then you get occasions where someone starts popping off and they instantly go ‘oh here we go again another one lost to a Smurf’ and it just becomes a self fulfilling prophecy.

The most defining characteristic of like silver - plat lobbies is this so-called ‘inconsistency’ when what it actually is is a rigid consistency which produces inconsistent results. In other words ‘I do the same thing every game and don’t know how to change my play based on what’s happening in game’. 

I’ve been the guy in those games dropping 32 kills on brim bind because people legitimately ignore how I’m playing and try to play the way that makes them comfy. I’m gold rn and peak plat-2 not a Smurf by any means
He could also be making unconscious decisions about when and where to push. I doubt he often gets himself stuck in disadvantageous engagements such as a 1v2 or 1v3, etc. 

He claims he doesn’t use his brain but he also doesn’t blindly swing into three guns. His micro and mid round plays must be self sufficient enough to the point where he can kill rotators and lurkers and isolate 1v1’s and just wins them. To do that takes some semblance of brain power.
I think it's more to do with the fact that ISO doesn't often work with other people. He's a hit man who's supposed to unmatched, why would he ever need a partner or a team when he's spent most of his time doing it himself and getting by just fine. 

That said I do hope they add more lines to him as time goes, because his "snack anyone" line is THE one line I remember him saying
Imagine how much easier this would all be with a replay system
With the amount of people who dodge Breeze and the general consensus of players about the map... 
I hope Riot does something about it.
Either ggwp or ggez after the game ends for confusion. Personally I always say ggwp<3
I love how closely you got to the valorant art style
I have my in-game key, V, as my “push to mute” in discord so it only mutes me when I talk in game. That way I don’t echo or whatnot since I’m usually playing with buddies.
Bro just wants to flex his knife.
Reyna looking back at her teammates, she doesn't even believe what she just did LMAO
This is not true. Jett is immune to fall damage if and when she hovers using her passive, by holding space (jump) at a height that prevents fall damage. She can, will, and does take fall damage otherwise the same as any other agent
No, you need to shoot once to break cyphers trips or cam, and you need to shoot once to break isos shield
No, i am you.
No it isnt riot devs said so, its just correlated so everyone thinks its true
i was once called open AI and then sage AI bc of my awful performance and they told me to keep quiet and “do the captcha first”. was laughing my ass off the whole game
The fact that you really went in for the kills is what probably kept you alive. wp.
tbh i don’t feel like this would actually be that bad and may just feel better for the clove player? rn it’s i think 100 max so maybe lower it to 75 since Reyna’s is 50 but she gets 2, that way they aren’t like just strictly better Reyna
I reported a suspected cheater yesterday, and 15 minutes later, BAM! BANNED.
I mean sure, but the same argument can be made if it were a full on aimbot or no aim assist at all. Everyone would have the same advantage, but the game would be vastly different. It’s about balancing the “easiness” of the aim assist to make the game the most enjoyable AND skill expressive.
You can’t. If you add reduced rr loss for leavers then every stack will have an alt acct that leaves as soon as the game looks bad. It’s too easy to take advantage of.
What gives it away his gameplay is not radiant level(genuine question, I'm not good at the game)
Yeah exactly neon is viable, you just need to be temet 💀

But iso, even if the best aimer in the world used iso, his kit isn't that good
Showing hints of mid-round strategy and agent usage, diamond
Pretty simple fix would be to just make her trips not work off of sound just give them kj range, and make the nade give vulnerable. Bam she’s now pretty good
he just wants you to send him a text every now and then. he misses you, don’t be a stranger.
Nice T-bag from fade lmao
I think the question is about default abilities you get without buying anything though so he only gets one
26 but I thought I was going to get more
lore
there is nothing stopping you from jumping off a bridge
I never try to mess with anything that messes with your client. Is it generally safe?
Cypher is *that good*. 

So much that people prefer to believe that his has some form of tech-magic instead of facing his inevitable supremacy.
People just like to ask questions and hope something will help them.  In fact, asking questions like this helps them when they get an answer that is NOT the answer to their question.  For example, when they are given advice on counter-strafe, when the question itself was about mouse sensitivity.  Then people begin to analyze more and study mechanics that they had not heard of before.  I especially love it when people ask what sensitivity suits them.  How do we know?  Try it!
I play basically only Sova. His recon and drone have value in every situation, and I always feel like his utilities are helping my team. His ult is situational but at the very least can create a huge distraction to let the rest of your team capitalize, and the satisfaction of getting kills with it can't be topped.
I love this writing and tension going on right now. They make omen look like hes in control but could fly off the rails at any moment, cant wait for more omen lore.
WHAT ARE THOSEEEEE
Finally other initiators being played in pro play
Same I generally don't mind. Beside Clove who can get aggressive with her heal, everyone healing beside her is lol.
Unless you're playing on a toaster I feel like just taking it less seriously is what you need to do. Play maybe one or two dms, lock in who you want, and just play for fun while comming and you'll eventually rank up. I even listen to music in my ranked games as it makes me less anxious.
Reyna is the only answer, the game would benefit immensely.
They may have overcorrected a bit much after people complained how every bundle had a guardian.
Filled controller because nobody wanted to play it. Sticked with it and now mostly play Brim. Only switch to Sentinel (Cypher/KJ) when someone else wants to play Controller (which happens more often now with Clove).
Not just you lol, crowded school corridors are a nightmare for accidentally walking into a girls tits when Ur a short guy
That and ulting into the middle of site as a sentient fade dart then cancelling. That’s about all it’s good for
Because its a deagle in cs and the terminology carried over.  Same reason youll hear people say ct for defence and t for attack or calling it the bomb instead of the spike.
I'm pretty sure this is the effect when you're weakened from viper's curtain and orb
This game coupled with human physiology is weird

I warm up for 30 minutes, top frag in 2 deathmatches, 1 Swiftplay, and immediately in Comp I go 5-14(real story)
u/hiimoohiii acting like AI doing damage control lmfao. So odd.
“Even if there are no patterns, the human brain is engineered to find a pattern” ~ some smart guy
Cant tell from a screenshot but theres a chance the enemies can see your teammates legs when they are going site
Fade had been searching for  her missing husband for a while. Initially  she thought the Valorant protocol took him and so she doxxed, targeted, and threatened them. Eventually they made a strike force and captured her cuz obviously Valorant protocol doesnt want their info known. They  talked to Fade and she  ended up joining them after  finding out  they dont have her husband,  mainly so she can travel with them and find him iirc
I genuinely don't even understand why it does... It's such a bad ability to begin with, why does it need such an obnoxious downside? It's not like a flash where you get a gigantic advantage by having your teammates not get hit by it, it's just obnoxious.
Ya this is gonna be a banger
That style of wall is interesting, what's the thought behind that?
Bro pressed 4 buttons and aced
Yeap, we've been talking about this from the beginning - it's very important to us.
My goal was to reach immo. I tried my best and succeded it was a fun. After reaching immo 2 two times I realised I had no goal anymore so I stopped.
I wanna get weakened by her curtains too
Yes
Sounds like you're salty and stuck.
I think it is trending up but vct stats from febuary still put the Vandal at 76% with the phantom being 24%. A lot of the maps in the pool right now have a lot of longer range fights like breeze and lotus.
Save, so buy? Other team is saving? so buy?
A friend of mine has the same. Almost always plays Guardian and is often a top fragger. I assume it's because you take more time to aim and aren't tempted to spray.
Caving in a dudes head *while* being stylish? Sign me the fuck up.
Also, it looks WAY too much like a surrender option, there’s been quite a few instances in the past where someone on my team who was barely paying attention, denied it thinking it was a surrender rather than a remake
Sova drone so I can look smart in my college applications
TBF if it is impossible to kill Kay/o in that time with most guns then I think it definitely needs changed. It's impossible for him to be revived, and he wouldn't stay like that at the end of the round either so it doesn't make a lot of sense.
I don’t think that’s gonna happen anytime soon. Not until we got like 15 maps minimum
Could never pass up on Smite knife but it's ok, not everyone has taste lol
Non-radiants fought back but as far as we know Kayo was the only one that made a difference (by winning the whole thing himself)
What!? No! I need the gimme a,gimme a,gimme a corpse
Most of the people playing valorant on thanksgiving either have no family to celebrate with and are bitter about it, or they’re the type to completely ignore their family and play valorant all day which is not good for your mental health so, yeah maybe stay away from it today
Huge W.   


* Unique and evolving challenges in player safety due to a large global community. They are trying to hold themselves accountable and reexamine stuff when they are not meeting community expectations.
* Spent time reviewing player logs, penalty escalation paths, behavior philosophies, etc. Not easy work and there's a sense of responsibility Anna takes personally.
* No room for toxic behaviour in the game. "just mute" is not a solution. It compromises the victim's ability to how they want to play the game to accommodate the bully. The mute button is a tool for people who choose to use it, not a justification for bad behavior.  

* Nothing can be done about people opening their mouths to say something vile, so focus is on escorting them out of the game space. They are a very small fraction of the player base, but it is clear that existing systems are not helpful in removing the most disruptive players from the game in an efficient manner.
   * In the next 30 days - updates to existing policies for stronger and faster penalties for severe behavior - hate speech, sexual content and violent threats.
   * Stronger tools needed - new penalties for sever behavior, temporary bans, permanent bans and hardware bans for worst offenders after manual review.
   * Beefing up teams that review reports manually
   * Riot Voice Evaluation Systems working well in North America. To be rolled out to other regions in more languages
   * One time review of top offenders from previous act and issue penalties accordingly.   

* They are not stopping here and requires community trust in the people behind this. 
* The goal is to not just to punish extreme behavior but to also make it so that people who want to play Valorant, are able to love playing Valorant and to promote the best in each one of us.  


As an immigrant playing in the NA servers, I face racism at least once a day when I am playing for 2-3 hours. It is clear how emotional u/RiotSuperCakes feels about this issue and it is heartwarming to hear all this said out loud. Thank you, and hopefully the changes help improve the community.
U would wanna save after u lost 2nd but if the team is forcing I normally buy a stinger
Outlaw was specifically added to counter light armor buys, since it does 140 to the body.
Yeah she’s become really really good. But now imagine how much more she has to go to hit radiant
It's the main game I play, so quite often. I do have a potato pc, load in slow, laggy only first round and lag spikes when I die. Sometimes odd lag. But smooth majority of the time so no excuse for my bad gameplay.
 Downloading something to record while playing might be risky for more lag. (I will be getting a new pc soon)
&#x200B;

Ill suck it
Yea people will find ways to use XIM even if riot tries to stop it. XIM updates pretty frequently
Cheaters. If only we could get replays and actually reasonable punishments for smurfs, I’d be happy.
I just want to blast pack people out of the map
I like to think of it as a reward for dedication. Like taking off the training weights
Oh its a free card? Hell yeah im using it
The good ending
i have over 1,500 hours in valorant and i’ve never peaked past silver 3, some of us are just bad lol
Of COURSE it's the Reyna player literally turning around and running away at the first sign of trouble.
Everyone on about the crosshair, but that 180 was sick.
While Valorant is NEW, the company behind it (Riot Games, ofc) is by no means a small fry, or new on the scene. They simply concocted the game from all the experience they've had in the gaming industry so far, and the game itself being a tactical shooter which is really one of the most popular (if not the MOST popular?) gaming genre. That, combined with them knowing really well how to make micro transactions (and also arguably making way better skins than CS does, which is maybe just my own opinion) something people want to spend on.
“Yes I know I’m bad”. 

Is literally the median valorant player. 

Like istg bro high ranks have such a big ego they gaslit the whole community into thinking that the large majority of the playerbase is “bad”. Literally 70% of the competitive playerbase is gold or below. This community is generally pretty good but statistics is NOT our strong suit.
nah you just throw a viper orb or a reqular smoke in there
I used to main KJ- lost count of the nerfs. For turret - reduced angle, reduced fire rate, reduced vision, reduced how much it slowed enemies.  For nade - increased visibility distance, reduced DPS. For alarmbot - increased visibility distance, increased time to pop.   


To be fair, all agents have been nerfed over time for better balance and health of the game to prevent power creep. But yeah KJ was quite strong - probably after Jett and Chamber in their prime.
My advice would be to try and get gamepass on a deal or something, ik they do some $1 a month deals and what not. That is how I have all the agents. 

But, I agree with you, I know they probably won't change it because $, and they are a free game so on one hand I get it. The skins cost so much though already, and I am sure they are making a lot from them, its kind of ridiculous to try squeeze even more money over $10 agents.
sounds like a fucking jumpscare
Yeah this is something that seems very obvious lol but it happens all the time.
Smurf
Anyone can take it to the front of the site then just work from there as needed. As long as you dont leave it in spawn its fine. The whole idea that one certain player should be tasked with planting the spike is just wrong to begin with, it should be a job passed around based on ultimate economy.
Tbh hard to tell. Fnc only lost a series once this year which was VS TL, so we could argue maybe they can do it, but fnc looked rly lost this day and also TL just chokes to much on the international stage, so we probs won't see that. Loud was close to beat them, but got steam rolled this masters before even having the chance to face them off. PRX with something could also be a good challenge. Being honest fnc looks way to insane, other teams can ofc still get better or fnc might coke (but their mentality is way to good for that imo) so maybe we will see them lose, but if they play like they do rn they will probs stay undefeated again.
Fucking overwatch took literal years to figure it out.  It’s a launch day feature for valorant.
Yeah Sage on ascent isn't exactly meta.
Power fist. That shit looked so cool whenever someone else was using it but after a while it got boring
all of you have the same aim assist it just happened you are better. broken is not the word
There's some hidden agent in game lore or something that people count as agent 20 or something

Someone will have the full deets but that's the long and short of it
There’s people with ranked anxiety.

And then there’s this guy
It took me 14 in game hours
Reported for what? Using a gun?🤣
My guess is you aren’t controlling your recoil well but I’d need your input to confirm. Pistols are already click to shoot each bullet but if you’re spraying out 3-4+ per rifle click orrr going 1-2, 1-2 bursts but at too fast a tempo/accidentally having a 3rd/4th round fire then you likely are losing control of your spray just enough to not get the kill.
If i win: GGWP 

If they where toxic: GG EZ

If i lose: GGWP
LMAO Abyss is actually a horrid map. I can't believe they came up with this garbage
No skin is worth the price in game. I will go to the grave thinking that. Knife skins are ridiculously expensive.
Slow in the sense of make them deal less damage
this post just ended homophobia
i just heal them with phoenix
Tbh half of the time i don't know where the dart was fired from . It just spawns there magically
You had to grind XP to unlock new characters in the old system as well unless you paid VP to immediately unlock them, still had new account character unlocks, or had some kind of Xbox Game Pass privilege. It's just that you would be able to earn the first four rewards while grinding your way to unlocking the agent.
Some people. Those people are okay with tough love. Other people aren't.


It got too much for me.
because they're all invincible by proxy thanks to sage
The worst I've heard is "his planes" and "her towers"
Sage ult for my bf who passed away. Ez choice support all day
Timing.

You stare at an angle, perfect crosshair placement, in the zone. Anyone who peeks is gonna get dommed. But nothing happens. You stay aiming at that angle for almost a minute. The moment you look away, someone peaks and kills you.

Fucking timings are my nightmare.
...and The Finals is in steady decline because they aren't generating enough revenue to be a sustainable LiveOps game, so I'm not really sure that's the "gotcha" that you think it is. 

Everything you need to play Valorant is available for free. Cosmetics are optional and the people that buy it are the ones that keep the game alive and the competitive scene moving.

What exactly is the issue?
Its because she was really busted back then, but she had 2 nerfs to the stars specifically, the recall time and removing her fifth.(And also nerfing the cooldowns of her skills) With these 2 nerfs together, she isn't optimal for most games
I don't see Reyna surviving an op shot to the head
Some shitty airline company from Canada I believe.
Healing is kinda a mid ability though. Maybe if it was a molly in itself that could nullify or gave like movespeed but thatd encroach on brim stim
I actually don't know, I usually have around 20 ping so most probably has something to do with the raze since one of my teammates saw it too
Hello!
i like to troll and type it when im bottom fragging as a joke because people tend to get more upset when the bot frag is the one shit talking
the “nobody cares” crowd cares about a billion times more than anyone else does
Riot doesn't care about players in the lower ranks where this happens. They make sure experiences for streamers, professionals, and anyone who has public draw for the game are ideal. Balancing, bugfixing, and quality of life are all oriented around them. 

It's impossible to play more than maybe 3 games in any rank below diamond without dealing with AFKs, throwers, smurfs, smurfs who are throwing so they can smurf, or just straight up broken matchmaking.

Does Riot care? No. Because these issues don't extend to higher ranks, where the players who make them money play.

Instead, you can expect to eat a ~20rr loss every time you get stuck in a 4v5 due to afk players or throwers, and then if you leave because the game is unwinnable and can't be surrendered due to the culprit using anti-afk autoclicking or some other reason, you are further punished.

Ranked below plat is just. So. Broken.
Your mom is a real G.
THAT'S A VOILATION
Happens from time to time. I think if the ult hits someone near a wall, the player gets out of bounds and is somewhat in the wall. So therefore the system thinks it hits an obstacle. (Just a theory)
Lotus is the map with highest winrate for me and the reason is: On defense just attack (unless you are idk, immortal Elo), just push A and get control in A, and win the aimfights on A main
Did you read the title? It's for console and before you ask, no there isn't cross play and yes your account works across the 2 platforms so you keep your skins.
1 HP clutch babyyyy 🔥🔥🔥
I mean add more servers from your region.
Smokes can control access to information what 90% of this game is about , if executed poorly can kill your entire team by giving advantage for the enemy if used correctly even your iron one reyna main who only has W key can win a round with the support of the smokes
Man who bases his career on vod reviews has no vods of his gameplay to review 🧐🧐🧐
This works the same on a lot a of games. I was Crusader on my original DOTA2 account which is like Bronze on Valorant. Was there for 4 months. Got out of it to Archon (Silver) and got pissed off with the games. Made a new account, calibrated Ancient (Plat/Diamond) after 10 games. People say you can carry yourself out of ranks but it ain't true unless your cracked. You need a team and even with a 60/70% winrate you're still going to get stuck due to your team a lot of the times.
You probably have Xbox gamepass, that's the only logical explanation.
Yeah I'm 700 hours and same rank as op lol
Astra can be a toughie bc she’s completely cutoff from the map when she’s in her final form and aside from the smokes, the placement of her pull and concuss can defo be hit or miss
Can you please expand on the counters to cypher?
With Skye it's literally just "Follow my god!" or "Watch out, I'm flashing"

Whenever people say something needs communication I remind them that YOU need to communicate, not your team.
for some reason I read this as 'least sexiEst'
Yeah i just want to show how the Esport team handle all the information in the game
My theory is that it's all a simulation preparing for a real battle.
Cypher somehow gets a legendary trigger discipline moment and 4 walk past him in a tight choke. My boy’s phantom boutta go to work. 

He got 1 with a sheriff and then died lmao
Even then, give a free ~$100 bundle? It’s obviously a scam
Cool prediction, quite alot of squad mobility in her kit if your theory holds true. 

Pretty unique I fuck with it. Wonder when we will get a teaser or trailer of her/him?
Kj, omen, cypher, viper, raze, sova are the mains in all elos

Reyna in low elo and smurfs
Sir, this is a McDonald's drive thru
Cypher is still worth playing or clove,lately i have been matchh mvp with clove and its so fun,almost feels like a duelist rather than controller
Ngl most of the lines for the agents sound corny as hell
Bro is him
Unbreakable cypher trips are a significant part of why he’s a popular agent……
Uh.... 

*checks*

*hides*

About $5.5k USD
did a new copypasta just drop
No one is spamming smokes with an odin, friend. You will get popped immediately unless the other team is stupid.
Yea i also wonder why nobody breaks it in low ranks (my ranks), its free 400 credit/util and maybe even more since sage uses her slows or smokers use smokes on mid after it breaks
As a cypher main I haven’t even see this happen, I just assumed you couldn’t ult while she has the ability to ult in the allotted window of time but after seeing this video I guess not
I love the delayed double take lmao
the website isnt even riot but starts with riol
Can we close this sub for a week
What did I just read
...right?
I love hearing "remember we are here cause we are the best! Don't any of you forget that!", while being tilted.
Also still no replay system 😭😭
Interesting name
I just came
Glad you're having fun! If you're looking for resources to improve, my biggest recommendation is Woohoojin. Glhf!
Cypher because I came from rainbow6 and wanted to watch people on my camera
One of those god tier clips that literally had to have every atom in the universe moving at the right time and rotation or whatever the fuck. Nice fucking transfer.
Fr have you ever gotten the sticker glitch
it’s your money and if buying skins brings you joy then do it! just because you’re low elo, doesn’t mean you can’t enjoy everything the game has to offer!! (for reference im iron 3, peak bronze and i have quite a few skins)
How fast we thinking she gets hotfix nerfed?? I’d be amazed if she lasts longer then a week lol
basically they were toxic since round 1, hating on women, being racist, lots of N word, slurs towards people with disabilities, death threats. I played with this duo they were really toxic. i have them on my friendlist they dont seem to be banned
Much better now
Tbf the cd part/ammo is lowkey useful if ppl just say it 1 time and don’t repeat. Sometimes I don’t realize.
Unpopular opinion, bring back pearl
we finally hear the sounds of the TRAPPIST-1 system
Oh man if only there was a replay system...
he shoulda disowned u for playing valorant to start with
Exactly, just a little "Merry Christmas" and "New Year's Eve" in the corner.... They could have at least brought back the Snowball fight.
Didn’t watch the whole match but I saw highlights of Jawgemo being fucking smooth with a phantom and spray transfer. Util use was clean af. Oxy on C9 was also scary on bind.
So I hear he’s still doubling down on this totally unverified claim that he has another secret radiant account? And people are supposed to believe him? Lmao
Hey all!  
  
Producer here from Gameplay Technology reporting. Without getting into any specifics, some of the comments here have got the general idea right! Wall penetration takes in several factors such as gun used, type of wall, thickness, amongst other factors that tie in to the total math of scenarios such as this. Unique situations like this can happen when all of those factors are in play but thank you for bringing it up!
Do not smoke in the middle of A-site, ever. Avoid at all costs. This smoke will keep the defender playing between Gen and Dice alive way longer than he should, it will give him the opportunity to move from one to the other unseen, it will allow him to take isolated 1v1 duels instead of being stuck in 1v3 crossfires (or however many are hitting site with you).

This is absolutely a smoke that you should drop on top of yourself when you're the person trying to hold A site as the defender, see with your own eyes how powerful it is to hide inside it, swing out on your own terms, stay alive until your allies get here, etc. Give that smoke to your ally too, if they curse you out they're idiots.
Summary: Shots 1-5: Clearly missed. 
Shots 6-9: Missed due to recoil (bad spray control). 
Shots 10-11: Very close, but recoil and inaccuracy make these reasonable misses. 
Shot 12: Likely didn't actually fire because op was already dead.
where does 2 4 lokos put me roughly?
>anti dive

What is this Overwatch? 😭
You do NOT get banned for throwing. To be fair it's really difficult if it's not extremely blatant. IE you were just "ratting" spawn even tho spike is down, or you are "only comfortable" with Sheriff and Marshall...
Because badass duelist players are playing her to fill when all duelist roles are taken 😂
Mmr feels like a bullshit excuse riot makes. What do they mean by "rank x is your potential but we'll put at rank (x-2) and we believe you'll work your way up". If they feel I can survive at that rank why not just put me there. Not to mention it doesn't help with combating smurfs either. Just had a game where this dude who plat 2 last act got thrown into silver this act and he wasn't smurfing on purpose. As you can expect lobby being iron-bronze got rolled by him.
For the next agent the codename should just be something bonkers like items from the mcdonalds menu or smthg. Imagine dataminers leaking BigMac that can freeze enemies with his mcflurry

But im pretty sure that as long as nothing major gets leaked like a full on character trailer or playable build its win win for both sides since it generates hype.
rare wholesome moment
You save. As long as you can full buy for fourth round with appropriate abilities then you're good to go

For that third round theoretically the other team should be full buying after their second round save so there's no point spending money. You are expected to lose that round so there is no need to spend.
not a pro play but there's that player card about reyna slicing kayo knife mid-air with katana in Bind  


I think it's not a bad idea, pro player are already famous and the meta is balanced around them, the average player need some love too
Not worth even kinda, only thing even remotely viable is content creation, and that also requires personality
yeah but what was that raze doing
I cant stand that name why can't people choose something original
Why not just have a doctor switch your arms?
no he’s argentinian pretty sure his username is indian asw probably just finds it cool
okay that makes sense now.. the only time you shouldn’t leave is when you have to defend it from the other team so it’s a bit of a sacrifice to stay and take the hit then??
At that point it's quicker to just shoot all your remaining bullets lmao
44% of the player base is between bro ze and silver ranks so you'll get A LOT of good and bad people
i used to main viper, but since the nerf i don't main anyone :( i just pick whatever the team needs
This looks like a bug, maybe post it in the bug thread
This is well known in higher elo. I don't know what diamond players your playing with but light shield is a given on icebox and breeze. The only probably is that the economy is easily watched and monitor so someone could just buy an outlaw if they catch on. That's the whole reason the outlaw was release, it was to combat the light shield meta.
yeah but then they just kill Kayo again lmao the area still has to be clear
Adding to this, the sage is usually in an online relationship with the person they are "pocket healing" or were either bribed through discord in means of money or boba 100% of the time. 

Why boba? Valorant edaters have an odd obsession with it for sum reason
"You should run."

The quirky, sassy german nerd suddenly goes full-om serious mode. Its part of the reasons why I main her.
You have a cypher flair; doesn't cypher take that trade off every time? A 200-cost 1-of util for a 100-cost 2-of util, and after conditioning the kayo you can either place it head height (depending on their molly placement) or put it somewhere else entirely, wasting their molly for free.
You miss your next vandal shot
You're just applying the advice incorrectly, it's not bad advice. The main problem for most low elo players (myself included) is mechanics. For all of you citing Woohoojin videos, he has also said he has never seen a cracked silver. Playing these agents, especially Reyna, doesn't allow the player to think about any kind of util, because those agents don't have such util, and the player must instead focus exclusively on their mechanics.
I can't say anything about level 5million or whatever, but in regards to the guy who was plat at lvl 7, when the game first came out there was no lvl requirement for comp, and those accounts still don't have that restriction. That guy probably has another account he plays on, and plays on this one when he wants to show off
Skill issue
Note that act and episode are different. There are 3 episodes per act.

We've just entered into a new act, where the reset is much harder. This is happening with everyone but probably tougher for Iron and Bronze players since there's nothing to go down to.
no way in hell that this is a joke. the kit is so fucking creative and cool. just a little tweak in the numbers and name and you have yourself a brand new agent with a unique gameplay LMao
???

After phantom and vandal has got to be spectre. Either that or ghost. OP is extremely situational and expensive.
Or pose?
Instalock duelists are the biggest reason ppl don’t wanna play smokes. They simultaneously criticize your smoke placement, while never once asking for a specific smoke location. When I play controller, I’ll say the same exact thing at the start of each half “hey if anyone wants specific smokes then let me know in the pre round, if nobody speaks up I’ll place them default”. And nearly without fail, I’ll get bitched at by my instalock duelists.
Just looking at his aim, I can say its above diamond.
Omg did valorant copy league of Legends 😱
Damn, pretty lame ngl I really liked his videos
Valorant is a mental game, first to tilt the other side wins
I have an absurd winrate on Abyss, so I never dodge. Currently 100% due to the couple wins from the new act, but it was also high before that
[deleted]
Adobe Valorant

Uncancelable subscription coming soon
you mean aim punch? that happens on all weapons except those that one shot you
it’s impossible to have this option in game you are walking ad for riot and they need you to promote buying cosmetics
Same, the satisfaction was immeasurable
Terrible controller.

Smokes too small, last lowest amount of time, tied for shortest range and recharge time. No support abilities.

Similar to Chamber: pseudo-duelist made for duelist players to cosplay another role.

Thinking about clove independent of the controller role: They're ok. Mostly selfish, self serving, and self sufficient util. Doesn't belong in a tactical shooter.

That said, they're fun to play. I just don't agree with agents like Clove, Reyna, and Chamber on a fundamental level.
Every 1 in 3 game is competitive and 1 in 6 is fun
i join custom game, join spectator and shoot arrow on laptop and holf F on my pc and then it follows it, and then i just edit it on the video
you 100% can get his gun already. You just have to be close enough to get it.
Don't flash the enemy or they can't walk into your bullets, rookie mistake honestly
What happened to the Deadlock changes? Did I just hallucinate Riot talking about buffing her again? Am I going insane?
imo Reyna is an agent that’s supposed to be very self sufficient and be able to take on these 1vX fights, nerfing her heal almost any amount would directly go against this. I understand it’s a team based game but this self sufficient/solo based play style was intended for Reyna and thus she was built around it
Breach gave you the secret buff
Personally I think one taps are only one bullet and usually in the head
That's phoenix.

>cussed the fuck out me

You flashed them as well?

I'll say try everyone and pick according to your play style. Enjoy the game
Gotta make sure you don't get killed by the enemues flooding into site with the ult.
I'll give u one better, why is Sova the russian agent default agent in Range in Chonese game? Coincidence, I don't think so, prtscr this before it gets deleted
I'm in  agreement with the comments saying, it's not bad *if you ignore the price*. Stinger is way more bang for your buck, and if you're higher elo, the Sheriff or even Ghost can be appealing on save rounds for the headshot potential. If you have a bit more money Bulldog or Outlaw are likely to be more impactful and carry over better to next round. 

It's hard to justify the credits for Spectre when spending less isn't too big of a disadvantage and spending more yields a notable advantage.
Nah, I love my man TMV, but his analysis is only relevant for the pro scene, not so much for the casual plat player. I mean you can obviously find value from him, but him being a ranked solo Q coach replacement is not it lol
Sorry to my Kuronami but the Champs 2023 Vandal takes it 🤍
While true. Not having smokes sucks vs a good Op
Fnatic manager here, pls delete this
But doesn't popping off and losing feel even worse than popping off and drawing? It's like "Yeah I just proved I was the best player in that lobby, but the game did not reward me, actually made me lose RR instead." At least that's the reason why I draw. Popping off and winning would be the ideal situation but if you really are doing good then game shouldn't shouldn't get into OT territory you know, that just means their team is better than your team from my experience usually, but you are best player on your team trying to make up for the gap.
i love them. 
with my whole heart.

BUT

if i have to hear another NO PEEKIN i gonna full mute the game
Do you really get kicked out for that?
They just were assholes lmao
That's only pro play dude , in rank it's icebox and breeze only

Now it's impossible to play Breeze for me, already had 30% winrste there, now just gonna dodge the shit
Imagine queuing up for rank and getting demolished by a 5 stack of 3 year olds. I'll need to make a baby real quick
Probably due to the bug when you're retaking A site from CT,most parts of the geometry of the map go black
I don’t use him much but chamber is extremely satisfying
This has always been the case. Maybe you recently experienced it more, but to me it feels the same as it's always been.

I think people focus too much on winning as they see it as a benchmark of how good their aim is. It's a bigger confidence boost to win your DM than to end up at the bottom after all.

I'm still hoping for a DM mode where footsteps are just turned off so people actually use their W key.
"Good natured rascal" as New Vegas would put it.
their name is probably not jenna lol, the person's name is jenna tolls. read it out loud. if thats their real name thats just unfortunate.
Neo frontier knife, araxys shorty, dance fever operator. 

Bro is flexing on us with 3 of the most expensive skin in the game.
Yes, it's a bit difficult to drag now. I'm not sure if this sensitivity suits me.
Fuck it, go all out. Duelist.
At least we got the money 😎😎😎
thank god i don't have such a fragile ego
Ignore them, Valorant players will rage on everything but their own mistakes.

Play what's fun for you but if you plan on ranking up more, I suggest practicing the main guns and movement because Odin may be strong but it's situational, it's not as versatile
Close- it’s “goth kid” and “nightmare powers.” The quote is real though
Infinite smokes for Omen, Clove and Harbor.

KO suppression for 8 sec every 10 sec.
well made video. it's rare to see high quality clips these days
Playing against a cypher I always like to go for the site he isnt at. Same for a viper. Best thing you can do as a cypher is mix it up
weird dildo but ok
It’s day 1, no one really knows how to play against it, you’ll have majority of people say the same shit when people pick up an ares or Odin or even an op

In the next month, we’ll have more data on whether outlaw really isn’t healthy for the game or it’s just another choice
The bodyshot bandit strikes yet again
You are 100% right and anyone telling you otherwise has a smurf or knows one.

Smurfing is cheating by definition.

For too many people smurfing is not cheating "because your elo wont improve" or " your elo will get adjusted fast".

The goal of smurfing is easy matches, shitting on people or boosting. Some people pretend its to play with friends, wich is bullshit because you would not want to play with them on your main because of skill difference, so just play unranked. 

Just because the goal of a cheat isnt getting to higher elo, doeant mean its not a cheat. You still CIRCUMVENT a rule, wich is that you can only play with people on similar skillevel. Its cheating.

If you think about it most people actually smurf for the same despicable reasons like people that use aimbots or wallhacks. They dont expect to keep their rank they gain from those cheats forever anyways. Soo whats left is easy matches again.

All smurfs are cheaters. No exceptions.
How do you even avoid this? If they know where I am I can't make them un-know. It's not like I can just be unpredictable either or use my util on ever corner. All I can think of is jump peeking literally any place I want to go
If Riot wants the players to grind, they should offer equivalent rewards. I for one, do not like the grind for a different coloured dorito and 2 gun buddies at the end of the act. Sure, the inherent want to “get better” may be reason enough for many players, but I believe that cohort pales in comparison to the number of people playing the game just for what it is. Riot should try implementing higher BP xp gained for playing ranked, player cards/gun buddies/skins for hitting X number of wins (irrespective of rank), and a guaranteed high tier gun skin for every rank at end of the season. Give the players a purpose to spend hours in your game, they’ll stick around for sure.
To be honest every agent in the game doesn't fit into a tac shooter lol, that's what makes it valorant
Only Valorant DM would have spawns like this
Lock in and lose some rank
1- Take a shower  
2- Clean your desk  
3- Use arm sleeve
Cove, boing boing
Stop thinking that you're going to just come into a hyper competitive game and just know what people who have put 100s of hours into know. Your attitude as a new player is what is halting your fun. Just like every single comp game out there, there's a lot to learn. There's a lot of passionate players, there's a lot of terrible people. Suck it up. Learn the basics. If you find yourself not enjoying it, stop playing. It doesn't get less toxic. It doesn't get magically easier. The better you get the better others you okay against are. Constant skill grind. Change your attitude.
They are not just "gone'. They got straight up kicked out of valorant protocol 💀
COME into the unknown
Cypher...
A lower sens effectively makes your targets larger. Consider on a high sens, you need to place your mouse on a very precise spot on your mousepad to land a shot. On a lower sens, that spot is much larger, like 2-4x larger depending on how high you were before.


Valorant does not requiring tracking and movement speed is relatively slow compared to, say, Quake or Overwatch. So high sens is not really necessary.


The tradeoff is your flicks will be slower. But with the right mousepad or mouse feet and a light mouse, you can still flick quite fast.
That's honestly pretty cool. Well done!
Brother you move your mouse half a centimeter to do a 180 flick?
Go to horny jail
That’s literally the point of the gun
>diamond, and above, and I have pretty good if not better aim, movement

x to doubt
Happened to me once. It’s rare from my experience (NA East). Riot gets a lot of hate but I applaud them for their anti cheat
Nice aim but feel like you were kinda lost until viper died to be honest. Might want to try to play a lil more active and contest space with your team. Cool clip tho!
Wtf
Even more baffling is how they don't check some of the most common corners when entering site. Check out this other clip I posted:

https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/1ahwybv/my\_fastest\_ace/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3
Nice. After about 18 hours played, I think I’ve heard someone speak once! London servers. I’d happily risk occasional toxicity just to have some comms and a laugh with people.
[Clove smoke concepts](https://x.com/valorantupdated/status/1770419874008814062?s=46&t=k19b4bzrsERGLsxpyvnU0w)
Was it this little artifact you could see in the smoke?
Fully agree - this is hands down the worse map pool that there's been. Ignore anyone saying otherwise or that "there's always complaints about it" because this time has been the worse by far.
nah how tf did that miss tho. You literally stood still and shot his head LOL
you lose ur gun and shields
The answer is you should use both, based off positioning, character, and more. Do you plan on taking a long duel engagement at the start of the round? Buy a Vandal. Are you a Omen/Brim and spam smokes alot? Buy a Phantom. This will make you a better player by learning both guns, and learning to use them in the right situations.
And then don’t realize what real support is in Val lol they just think healing is a class. Util is your support flash, stun, smoke, info gathering
Eva foam? Did you make it out of an angel or something? 

Joke aside you killed it
I use 3 for both switching to spike and planting/defusing and 4 for the ultimate. My only issue is when I want to drop the spike while I'm on site because I can't, learned it the hard way and bound a secondary keybind to switch to spike
Viper is quite literally the best agent in the game. Despite the nerfs, she’s insane. I have to hard disagree with this
The jett that spam in voice "revive me, revive me" or sage that do as being told. 

If you hate a sage that revive you in the open.. you could just say "don't revive me yet"
Should’ve been me
Breeze revolves around making people tilt
They're water, actually
Around plat-diamond level
It's straight up the only reason most people get the passes
Really good composure. All shots seemed really calm
Valo community feels like a poisoned well, if people wanted more players using voice they shouldn't have dismissed people's complaints. It's too late now so they need to stop stressing about people who don't use voice. Some people just don't want to engage with the immaturity
It's an important part of the gameplay that you don't hear your ennemies sounds when you are shooting like crazy. But most importantly, it helps forcing players to have steps sounds not too loud, which would be a too big advantage. If you didn't hear your gun firing, you could increase your volume a lot and hear enemie too easily. But with guns sounds, if you do that, you're going to go deaf because of how loud your gun will be. So players keep the volume at a reasonable level.
Gonna piggy back off this and say just because you “write it off” doesn’t mean you get it for free. It’s an expense that lowers your taxable income. So the skins actual cost is [skin price*(1-tax bracket%)]
I feel for ya homie because the game only gets harder.. 

But even down here in bronze it's the same situation. 

I actually don't know how to improve if I'm the only one in my team that wants too 🤣. 

Not to mention I'm kind of at a deadlock on my skill right now.. it seems no matter how hard I practice I get absolutely destroyed still.

This is the only game I've ever played that requires the type of warmup required to play at a decent level.. 

I need to work on my aim.. sometimes I'll sit in the range until I can hit 10+ hard targets , then I go to deathwatch or TDM and get absolutely destroyed 🤣
Js drip
London also has the French because even the French don’t want to play with the French.
gold but like an insane gold. one of those games where 2 people from the enemy team have no comms, the 3rd has a terrible mic (or only speaks russian if this is EU) and the 2 people comming are just wondering what they did to deserve this fate lmao
For Brim's case, I'd like to use the worst possible scenario that he could be near 50, so let's say that he's 50. He's born in 2000, in that case, he's a Gen Z. His looks don't look like 35, with his built and seems like he's taking care of his body and physique, he's most likely to be mid-40s nearing 50.
You used your epic psychic powers to make the kayo uninstall his game
So basically this agent will be untouchable in EU and Asian servers
You have 400 hours in Val, and so far have peaked gold, anybody in the community would still call you a beginner. Half of your responses and even your P.S tag in the beginning reeks of having way too much ego and being way too defensive at your current rank. Most of the top streamers that give solid advice including woohoojin would probably say it matters more how/when you take fights rather than team comp cause people at that rank focuses so much on meta they completely ignore mechanics. If you keep dismissing any opinion that’s contrary to yours as “Iron advice” then you’re probably staying in your rank tbh.
The lower ranks should play their comfort picks. The higher ranks should fill. 

Ideally 1 of each role is great, and then double up on a role for whoever is lowest rank. This is what our group does.
u/MKtraps your explaination, if video still processing check later, hope this can clear some stuff up
Damn ur worth as a person is so freaking high! 

I wish I was as cool as you
prelude to chaos vandal
What the other guy said is true, but there’s more

1. Faker has made it into quarterfinals or finals nearly every single year for over a decade. To point out how difficult this is, NA made it into top 8 this last year for the first time ever, and then immediately lost. Faker has finished top 4 nearly every year of his career

2. League is an incredibly difficult game to stop at the top of. If you think Yay falling off because of a chamber nerf is hard, League experiences way larger meta shifts, often multiple times a year because of how frequent champion releases and champ/item balancing occurs. There were many very strong players who had years where they might’ve played as good or better than faker, but they all fell off their primes relatively quickly. Faker is the only player who has won championships a decade apart.

3. The gap between him and second place is a canton. If you at the candidates of who people think would be the 2nd best player of all time, those candidates are still very, very far from Faker in terms of accolades.
When I was a newbie, matching up with a level 100+ sucked but also a chance for me to observe other agents utilities and gameplays. When my kingdom points reached 8k, I know what agent I wanna try next and what role I wanna try.

Imagine playing with <20 level players only, all of you are newbies, didn't know what duelists or sentinels or controllers do. Just a bunch of newbies gunning each other.
You got banned for being toxic, not using angel snapping.
Then what? They get upset that you muted them and start throwing. They tell the enemy team to spam report your account. You're giving comms to nobody. You perform worse because you're tilted from the toxicity. Muting doesn't always help
I AM THE STORM THAT IS APPROACHING
His thoughts are probably "Walked through market smoke, silent jumped up box" when in reality, i lurked through mid as they didnt check it when rotating.
I mean was he right tho? Just cause someone isn't getting as much frags doesn't mean their input is automatically null and void.
wait were you the guy who made that post 1-2 years ago?
I mean it's very weird, but not really a huge deal since we all know he's weird. He's not really relevant anymore.
Omen, Raze, and Skye (to a lesser extent after her buffs) are all the best agents for their respective categories. HOWEVER, they all require good team play to really reap the rewards, so in solo queue they aren’t as good as pro play would have you believe. If you play well with Reyna, there’s reason not to pick her, especially considering she’s self sufficient and you said your lobbies don’t have much comms.
Post your tracker profile
You prevent this by hitting the enemy.

You only did 40 damage because you only hit the enemy once, and it wasn't on the head.
All of them?
People saying you should have traded are dumb, you're not in a position to trade. But your mistake was not providing your team with a way to safely cross, and their mistake was not all swinging the sova together. Apes together strong.
i don’t think i knew it was breakable mid air, but i doubt anyone would complain abt this
If he can get rank 1 radiant consistently, there's a chance. I say there's a chance because there are tons of people that get rank 1 and they can't even go pro. That's how hard going pro is.
I slowed it down and he actually missed by like a literal pixel, true hitboxporn
It’s just a glitch.
They won the gatekeeping battle
Smurfs and boosters are also in non 5 stacks.. 5 stacking isn't the issue. 

We play 2 diamonds. 2 gold and a silver. People call the diamonds smurfs all the time. But we aren't. It's the only way we can play together. Unrated is trash. We win some, lose most thought. Usually play high golds, which are all better than our golds/silver. Or golds and a random diamond or ascendant or whatever.
Copy pasted from another comment i made bc someone asked if deadlock was a troll pick

Deadlock is a commonly misunderstood agent. Her trips dont guarantee no one can flank, her wall often blocks off areas you dont want it to, her ult will commonly miss because of the bounce, her net makes people more accurate. She is often seen as a troll pick because people make her out to be one. If you use a trip flank and the enemies walk past it, your team is going to flame you.

Here's a little advice:
Use her wall to create choke points, if it's not necessary to break it, most players won't

Use her net as a movement stop, you can delay way more pushes than you think just by getting a few net lineups

Use her trip as a trap, drop a shorty on the floor during a full buy and put a trip there, if they pick it up, the trip will activate and you get info/a free kill

Her. Ult. Isn't. Raze. Ult. Do not run into an open field. Pair is with a cypher cam or a yoru ult or a jiggling teammate to get info, or use it to clear entire areas of the map like hookah on bind, the ult is larger than you think. It also bounces so you can get lineups of some kind to practically guarantee a kill because you catch them and they break out into your teams crossfires
15 seconds is more than enough time to kill a downed Kay/o. Good counter, but Iso will still come out alive.
Used to play CSGO professionally, has played for FURIA, Ninjas in Pyjamas, and KRÜ for VALORANT.
You're telling boombot to clear hookah? Hookah is an area probably. I know what clear means, im not that dumb lol

Yeah that's all I can decipher
I was legit 0-3 and I felt like I needed some action (I main Jett) so I just decided to play agro :) and it kinda worked out I’d say
The Molly is definitely unintentional
do you really not learn a lesson or two from every engagement/duel? You should be taking a note of what works and what doesn't.
More like skin issue
Why is every glitch brimstone
i think its 90% confidence. in your mind you're "shit shit shit reyna ult", and in their mind they're "ok like I'm in ult imma go ace". Ofc thats kinda exaggerated but yk what i mean. And adding to that, reyna shoots faster and sees the enemies better, giving the reyna player additional confidence and tunnel vision on getting a kill because they're gonna get a free heal and dismiss after
I think I've launched Fortnite twice. Once near launch, and once when they added the No-Build BR mode.

It took no time at all to notice they have an exceptional store/battlepass that honestly puts all other games to shame.

Valorant is certainly one of the worst. I put some money into it in the first year, but nothing since. They're not making an effort to appeal to me, because frankly they don't have to. Everytime new skins come out, I see people with those new skins. People are buying. Until they're not, Riot doesn't need to change.
Me everytime I win on a new agent: this is my main now
It's not. Played around that long ago today and it happened to me. Friend got a sonic song stuck in my head so I sung a line from it and then said something else (idk what) and someone responded and I got super confused.
She’s already really annoying
Nuh uh.

(I haven't played the update yet)
In a game with only French people as I type this
no
Drop the slash s let your words be free bro
Don't overestimate your reaction speed, try to hold a bit wider to give yourself more time to react so that you don't have to adjust at all. And IF you have to, its easier to adjust into the enemy movement than track it from behind.
and calling a Vandal an AK
They did a good job with unscoped inaccuracy in the gun, which puts it in the spot of 'eco operator' rather than 'premium guardian'. Makes it very strong in certain scenarios and hopelessly weak in others, and it doesn't really compete with vandal/spectre on gun rounds on most maps 
Probably not. The Chicken Noir design was made by a Riot artist who is... under Riot so no you probably couldnt get away with copying another artist's design
I read somewhere that Riot reset the target percentile for ranks which essentially bumped everyone down. I was hard stuck plat 3 and could not get to plat last act. Ended gold 3.
I guess I didn’t think about that, I’m not a sports person and I had work today so I came home and queued up and got nothing but losers.
Me and my husband play valorant together and we queued comp and I met this super nice girl on our team and she added me! and she met her boyfriend through valorant so we all became REALLY close friends and are planning to meet each other IRL this fall :) now I have a sweet girl friend and my husband has a cool guy friend. We work together so well on five stacks !
Interesting. This boost used to work years ago, but it was much faster- you could crouch jump into the logs and then jump onto the platform, but they patched it out. Not sure how much use you’ll realistically get out of using it, but it’s still good to know.
I don't mind when this happens, but I will usually ask them to call it a tad earlier
I think you should learn to rat
Isn't Reyna her thing that she HAS to keep killing in order to collect souls to safe her cousin.

I think it'l be her or Kay/o
*I am prometheus! And you... Are just.. A god.*
As one myself, high quality content ≠ views. It's even quite the opposite. For example skibidi toilet (ik it's a bad example, but still) is dumb and therefore it got a lot of views as brainrot kids watch it daily. So if I post something like this, I will most likely get at most 1-2K views (my prediction).
then reinstall it again after a short while

a cycle. repeat
your mental seems more capped than your aim, just keep working on it and don't neglect your movement
Don't forget that those people are in your server, within the same rank as you
Yeah below gold, they have a weird way of thinking. I would take their strategy with a pinch of salt.
Her mollies and turrets actually heal him lol
TP ONTO TUBE👹
Idk what happened but people stopped caring. I’m also in ascendant lobbies (last season ranks) and if you instalock people will throw, if you try to remake people will deny it and throw, and nobody comms at all in half the games. You know if a game is won in agent select just based off how many people are speaking. Never had this issue before this year. I remember back in gold/plat lobbies 2 years ago people were comming everything. I didn’t even do mic checks cuz you could just assume everyone had one.
I think I accidentally time traveled
When I was iron I had a guy who claimed to be a Smurf from silver and bottom fragged
getting matched against ex dia and asc in mid gold  is definitely an experience to say the least
Starbucks has free wifi.

Remember me when you make it!
Don't be too hard on yourself the fact you remembered the headhunter has a faster equip than your vandal got you the win, for a bronze it's a nice thought. It's alright I'm diamond and I sometimes panic and just go for the quick kill rather than shooting the head. Bad habit, but you can work on it you have time

Nice clip !
Its a different client and server altogether and you need to make another account with a chinese id
If you play ares all the time you are npc mini boss for people trying to climb out of bronze. They need to be able to kill you with their vandal or phantom in a duel to get out of their current rank and are mad that they can't.
Afaik if the mouse has a higher DPI value that technically means it has better precision. So then when scaling it down you still benefit from that fact.
"Can you name a female team?" Bro, i can't name a team at all xd
omen trolling is being nerfed 😢
Elbow is not a callout in haven LMAO. I would say Reyna was trolling but it seemed like they were mad so maybe not.
that’s cool but i typed “afk” in all chat when i was last alive and the enemy fell for it. truly the anti strat genius
Stop reloading so much. You only need max 3 to 4 bullets for a killl.
Also not to mention that the whole reason armor works the way it does is because of healing abilities. Which are pretty limited still
Damn, you sat him down twice!
just admitted to it in the discord.
Like in any game, there is an optimal way to get good. Please watch woohoojin's gun fight hygiene and "I guarantee this routine will get you to gold" video on youtube
if anything positivity is better. reassuring the bottom frag that it’s alright is best. sova still summarizes this great, “if you’re not a good shot today, there’s other ways to be useful”
Right, similar situation happened to me. My friend wanted to see the Neo frontier sheriff, and after a few rounds of using it she said that she really likes it. Immediately after that game she went to go buy it. This is exactly what Riot wants to happen, so it's incredibly unlikely that they would add a feature to hide skins.
Bro on his way to become a throwing no comms instalock reyna
Spectre run and spray alway works
If you can grind destiny you can grind _anything_
Found the Astra
Yeah, all of those are scams. I've also seen videos of tenz or other content creators/pros with ai voice overs trying to relay you to such websites
Absolutely no one in the history of Valorant ranked has ever gotten upset about a smokes agent getting instalocked away from them quote me on that
Yeah basically just wallbnging common spam angles like ascent b main and lotus a orb through tree
Glad I’m not the only one lmaoo
I like the vandal. I like the knife. I don't care for everything else.

I might buy the vandal but I'm not dropping $55 on a knife. And I'm definitely not buying a $100 bundle just for the knife.
pretty sure viper really isn't interested in his advanced and distrusts him.
Assuming you are low ranked. I’ve been Diamond+ for a couple years and the base seems to be 18+
Yes there are different categories! The one you mentioned is any% with abilities 😁
what hundreds of hours of bucky does to a mf
Jellyfish or Plants
Yeah. Really helped in my aiming in totk.
People said a few different things but this is the most encompassing answer in the thread tbh.

You are together on A main on Ascent.
Your mate peeks into the site, sees someone on heaven and takes a fight. Both players fire multiple bullets, maybe even spray and your teammate dies.

You're still next to the entrance behind the wall, looking at your mate's buddy, having not peeked the whole time. 

You just baited your teammate.
I would say many people like Araxys, Prelude, Prime/Reaver. I heckin love Forsaken and RGX
i watch my highlights back and always find movement error and spread giving me headshots 🥲
Same with sova drone and skye dog, it pulls you out so that you can try to escape a molly or otherwise defend yourself. It’s logical imo, if you were standing in a molly and getting hurt, it would probably be difficult to maintain your neural link to your ability/utility
I know it's not valorant but it fits the subject. I was getting destroyed in Overwatch 2 and one of the enemies typed, "I thought they canceled PvE."
“Back then” and being level 300+ is crazy
"One of my boys" "his brother"

Lmfao good luck OP
no pearl no haven, my jett feels diferent..
nah that’s just sad
harbor was mage
Exact same thoughts. 

Love tdm so much. Nearly the exact implementation I asked for/hoped for well before it was announced
Sage can self-heal 30 HP. 
Radiant is literally the top 0.01% of the players, yes it's right around the semi-pro level in any sports.

But even the, Radiant is a very diverse rank. People who just went from Immo3 to Radiant will get absolutely stomped by any 1200RR Radiant. Anyone in the top 100 of the server leader board at the end of a season/act as they're called in Valorant could become pro given the teal and training.
Yes
They kicked hooka's ass

The second part is referring to your penis size

The last is "if they kill me, use your ultra" Im assuming ultra is a special ability
Happened to my friend. The timing was unreal.
This really isn't difficult or dramatic.

Mute and play. 

Learn to mute quickly at the first hint of toxicity.
Nah raze is just a goofball who likes explosions
This concept had so much potential, and they used it to basically reskin elderflame? Subpar, Riot.
Control? Like map control? Let me replay the game so i can find out where we had gaps in our game plan. Oh wait
Best sage buff for now is reducing the utilities cost, 4700 for fully loaded gear and she always have to use all of her utilities in a round is absurd. Her utilities should be around 500 or 600.
Yes, and they're on an eco, a man-disadvantage *and* 5 rounds down. The chance they win this round is low even if he gets that singular kill. It's not a bad decision to play trigger discipline and hope to get more. It didn't work out this time, but if they did choose to group up A main and go for an A execute, it could have been huge, and he would be praised for his patience.

If he did make a mistake, it's with how long he waited, not that he waited at all.
You must be new. If someone throws a nade at you, you can press R1 to throw it back. If you have Flak Jacket equipped, it'll reset the fuze timer on it.
hate to admit it but I'd have to say jett

jett is a viable-ish agent on literally every single map.

some people make the argument that raze is a better duelist, but if we're considering universal use, jett is statistically better on maps like breeze.

even though raze may be a better pick on some other maps like bind, split or lotus, jett is still overall a solid pick and still the more "flexible" duelist.
it's a good apology. it's been a crazy saga

I remember when I first started watching hooj a year(?) ago I immediately categorized him as "big streamer who isn't big enough to ignore chat and is constantly annoyed by having to deal with chat (repetition and slight rule breaks)". this is a very consistent pattern that I've seen with a lot of streamers throughout the years and he was definitely no exception. I don't feel like he really puts on an act on stream though, so it's a lot easier to take this at face value

I sorta had a problem with people calling him a narcissist with this in mind. that's not to say he didn't get increasingly toxic on stream (he did), but at least to me it was obvious what was happening. a lot of people also criticized his coaching too for him being harsh. on one hand valid cause he was overly critical about "common problems", but I also think he was trying to go for the "tough, nagging voice in your ear" style of coaching. which, it's arguable how successfully he did that without being outright rude, but again, I get what he's going for. 

about the raze to radiant thing, I don't know who that's for or what that's gonna help at this point. even if he hits radiant it doesn't really take away from the fact that he lied about this, right? and even from a credentials standpoint, I think at this point most people agree you can be a good coach without necessarily being on par with your own gameplay.

I guess raze to radiant is the method of accountability he's trying to take for this issue, but idk. I don't think it's convincing cause I don't think it addresses the main issue (lying, the private coaching false advertising) either way. and he's taking away an actually useful community service (coaching) until he hits radiant. still, I don't know what kind of accountability you have to take to fix lying/false advertising. I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of people who are done with hooj over this won't really come back even after he hits radiant

I guess we see where we go from here
Best way to put this, it wasn’t a clutch, it was you making a mistake and barely getting by aha. I’d say gold
I think the most hilarious thing about jett was how much people thought she was bad and useless in early valo
If opponent doesn't force round 2 after losing, the Marshal is already a 950 credit Operator on no shield enemies.
Plastic is much higher quality than this…
From what i’ve seen my guess is bullets are kitten poop? I mean… the way they are laying on the gun and get tense when shooting
Problem is he only has smokes and every piece of util of his kinda reveals his position and he can’t lurk like almost every other controller. There’s nothing he’s particularly strong at
I hate breeze but time and time again is has my highest winrate. For some reason I cannot play icebox for the life of me. I always feel like my aim is good and I get kills, but my winrate is like 25%. I feel like if I changed my playstyle on the map, I could have a greater impact. Please give tips on how to hold A site as well as pushing A on attack.
Moth being her name would be hilarious tbh. Weak to the lamp meta though
Yeah. This is actually just gonna hurt mid and low rank players, which is something they claim they are trying to fix.
Pearl got pretty big changes right before it got removed, so I think it is pretty reasonable to not change much.
Ascendant can be a pain, I feel like the biggest egos are all stuck there.
Oh yeah the hot mic is horrible I can’t play without my mic constantly going.
Don’t peek the same angle twice
FNS watch parties are just funny and his IGLing experience at the highest level lends itself well to both analyzing and making fun of the games. People have always found him funny, he’s just steaming more now to the point where people expect him to stream and will watch. 

S0m still gets more for ranked because he’s really good at ranked and still entertaining.
Was in those ranks a year ago, before I took a long break
Ofc the once i start liking split they take it out of rotation💀

Also bring back pearl its been way too long wtf?
Old jett was too powerful 🗿
lol I figured this would be common sense but I guess not
This would be so funny in pro play running into a viper ult and just kaboom
Tracker score isn't necessary a viable metric.  You could drop 30, lose 13-6, and get 600.  

You could have the EXACT SAME impact, but WIN 13-6 and get a tracker score of 900-1000. 

Don't look at tracker score unless you're comparing like for like.
It's the agent people pick when they want to play duelist but there's already two on the team. Since he's a "sentinel" no one can complain.
Chambers skull was so hard that bullet wallbanged his head
It’s wayyyy older than that lmaoo
No clue, I don't really watch him but i'll tune in sometimes and just see that the chat is restricted.  Not sure how long he's had his chat like this.

I personally think it's him having a thin-skin and wanting to be around yes-men who dare not question him.  Judging from OP's insta-ban from his discord, I'm willing to bet I'm somewhat close to the truth.
For me its opposite
Tracker? If you are low rank, then you’re not going to be playing optimally, and the inconsistency comes from if you’re being punished by the enemy or not
With no util to destroy his trips.  


"OMG Cypher needs a nerf, let's try B again guys." 
Thats hilarious.
that tp made my pants moist
What identify lol Skye, Brimstone and Breach use the same color palette and to this day people still confuse brimstone with Breach honesty the character design in this game is meh compared to League
"Wtf guys?! I dealt 147 on him!" - Their Raze probably
Do note that gameplay abilities are nerfed for the sake of balancing. Lore wise none of the agents are restricted of abilities usage
Her being able to rez and wall is why you play her. You should never play any Valorant agent for their healing abilities unless you're smurfing with Reyna
Yes, unless they stomp you 😁. Happened to me few time.
Definetly very prominent in Europe, maybe singaporian culture is just different
You probably had a lot of the season's weekly missions backed up. Not having to rely on weekly missions is way better.
OP YOU FORGOT TO PUT THE /S NOOOO
I don’t know what it is with Brimstones and wanting to deploy smokes from inside my asshole, but I’d like them to stop.
I just hope it isn't like Apex, where you have to play for 50 hours to unlock a single character.
rest in peace, Karel.
Every silver player I've encountered so far:

"WE NEEEED HEAAAAAL PICK SAGE OR SKYE GRAAAAH"
stop baiting and try to trade and entry next time plz i beg you jett players
i hope this is a troll, you can’t be this stupid
?

Satchels can be used for WAY too much for their cost, so they are nerfing some use cases (probably)
That’s how Competitive works. Bronze will have lots of toxicity, starts to fall off around Gold, and comes back around with Plat/Diamonds because they act like they’re the best. Drops off again at the highest rank. 
I always thought this was a bug. Why does this only happen to omen??
Sage Wall Mid on Split
Looks like it brought the swarm nades with it too.
buffing astra would be so easy to do but riot just decides not to
If he believes "he knows his shit" while he clearly doesn't you need to tell him so.
Wait so this means they are removing omen?

F*CK man! He was my main.....
condolences to the fifth wheel haha
Its only for one round
If it leaves bullet holes, you can walk bang through it.
on bucky getting a kill you have to gtfo as quick as possible before the other guy trades. the milliseconds saved from knife can save your ass sometimes
Pretty sure you'd be losing like 9rr and gaining 24. Ranking you up takes time so the game just puts you against people your level and makes you win a lot and lose little.

This is so that the games are all balanced instead of having you destroy actual silvers.
Easter egg. The knife has a rare chance to have that color-way for one round.
Viper had the most OP pistol round with half shields, molly and a smoke.
Already did, it’s more fun
thats a horrible wall, but i get ur point. those walls are rarely ever broken through anyway, at least not as a small one person army or duo. those walls generally arent ever pushed unless the team is there to punish it at the start of the round. example of this is haven garage. u can use it longwise, but ppl can also just easily shoot it at the start.

icebox tunnel is another one, but noone ever breaks it, so it overall doesnt change long walls much if anything. it does however change normal walls a bit. now ppl arent as free to just shoot down all the wall segments. a sage wall can now actually be somewhat good into a 3+ person group. previously the entire wall just got obliterated, now ppl may want to hold onto some more ammo.
You can exit out of the clove ult early and also don't shoot before you aim at them and stop moving.
The turret just got assaulted...
I’ve seen pro players say your headshot % being low isn’t a bad thing, because you should constantly be spraying through smokes etc. I’d imagine if someone like Tenz *wanted* a higher headshot percentage, he’d be able to get it easily
I usually party up with a Riot employee but as far as I’m aware they did not gift me any.
Seriously, using a controller on this game is a big disadvantage. Don’t do it.
Deadlock has got to be the most broken agent on release ever. In terms of game breaking bugs at least
I am a girl and unfortunately it's "shut up" or nothing sadge
damn, that sounds intense. glad you survived door crush. iso double tap? more like da MVP
Some players' strengths match your weaknesses and the tendencies line up to make them completely destroy you. You should carefully review when this happens to learn from it.
Lmao speaking from experience, almost any possibly offensive word you type in chat, you will get banned temporarily for it. Riot has an insane database of all of these potential hateful words. Nobody knows all of them, but props to them for making it work. Now voice chat on the other hand is free game until someone reports you.
Aspas, next question
Damn so it really is like sage ult where you can get 2 deaths in one round xd.
Thanks for letting me know
if you’re a duelist, and you look like you’re baiting, you’re baiting.  either you’re taking fights and making space for your team, or you’re not
very nice, always feels great getting an Ace.
Stiff dragon type beat Fr
Does he know what smurfing is??? It's not the tiny blue people.
Gigachad. Stuck to his word
fade pull and raze nade would be very op
I'm 36, I'll use one with friends but not randos.
Thanks 👍
5 stack is always bad no matter the game. Its too easy to manipulate a 5 stack for boosting with alt accounts. 
Do you fear that when you look back at your life when you’re older you will regret your wasted youth with unfilled ambitions?
Lmao.
I practice breaking some spare keyboards.
Almost perfect loop. I like it
Off this clip alone I'd say gold, maybe plat, and I'd be wrong bc OP is Diamond. The problem with this clip isn't his aim or positioning, it's that he's farming actual AI that dry-swing 1 at a time, single file into the Chamber awp for no reason, so ofc I'm gonna guess low. You got me, good job 👍
As a pc player I could care less if console aim assist is strong or not, there’s no cross play so it doesn’t affect us
That’s not a ninja defuse
Everyone is disappointed in Brazil unless a Brazil team win, as a Portuguese dude I can tell you that they surely didn't inherited the respect that we have for non-portuguese people.
The whole SCAR thing was only for ranks below Master Guardian (which corresponds to below Gold in Valorant?), the gentleman's agreement didn't exist in any average+ lobbies lol
Yes, radianite is greedy and stupid. However, for your average player it isn’t really an issue as you tend to get enough radianite by playing to fund the occasional skin purchase. The main goal of radianite is to squeeze even more cash out of the whales that are purchasing every bundle as it releases, if they’re already going to drop $100 for a new skin bundle, what’s to stop them from spending another hundred to get animations. 
Dude that mentality is so childish. It's a team based game. The team can all buy each other weapons and share a bank so whoever is buying should be the one with the best eco. If your jett takes the op back and buys you while you're at 5,000 credits and she's at 3k then if ya'll lose that round her eco gets dumpstered. 

So many time I see low elo players at +7000 credits refusing to buy for their team and robbing them of having full guns. Break the cycle.
Damn. Poor viper players.
How dare you! (I am a sova main)
Smash
Be a good listener
If someone loses on a new map with in their first 3 games on that map they will forever lock it down as a trash map
Brim lineups actually working.
If you lose the round and survive you get 1000 less credit.
ok, then 300 😭
Lmao was like a duel
Like, you know how you kinda run towards it jist before you think it runs out.

Brim smoke for me is just

walking towards "nvm"
walking towards "nvm"
walking towards "nvm"
walking towards "nvm"
walking towards "nvm"
“OHHHHH, BIG MAN TALKING DOWN ON A WOMAN IN A VIDEO GAME, EVERYBODY LOOK AT THIS GUY, HE’S SO FUNNY, SHE’S IN LOVE WITH YOU NOW, BRO”

Mock them, make them feel stupid for what they’re doing, because that’s exactly what it is. It’s not about white-knighting, it’s just sticking up for someone that’s a target of bullying. If you can’t make them realize how dumb they sound, mute them, encourage your teammate to mute them, and just keep working together and do your best to win.
My apologizes, I shall buy the new Overdrive bundle to support their poor company!
If she’s bottom iron, then it’ll take more than 2 comp games to get leveled out. 

I don’t think a month playing the game is enough to get solid understanding of mechanics. Especially if this is her first FPS ever.
Sad day for the light shield meta

Happy day for people that disliked it

Overall I'm unsure about my opinion, thanks for coming to my TED talk
Should I buy the [skin]?
me personally i loved the "owww"
that's actually unlucky, i hope Support can fix this
"Don't worry, guys, they say I'm a *prodigy*. Not my words...not my words, baby!"

"Really? You dragged your fire guy underwater? Fam, you're killing me!"
it might just be bugged rn
One of the agents from the beta (Graggle) had to get removed because they were too difficult to balance. They were gonna get entirely reworked but Riot decided to focus on new agents instead.
I waited for this post was so epic
Sorry but your friend gotta be blind or saying fade out spite 😭
If you're new play whoever you want, it's more important you have fun with your agent, and you'll naturally do better.
This too, I wonder if they dumbed down a bunch of shit for the console release.
The old split flash banged me
it is so obvious he means it as a surprise, do you have negative social skills?
That’s the point if your a new player you shouldn’t be playing ranked right a way learn the basics
A good Sova sucks to play against as a Cypher.

Although that's why you have to switch up trip setups. If you spam the same ones you're fucked.
Fully reloads vandal -> picks up a skin with 2 bullets -> dies
I’d recommend the hyperX cloud 2.
I believe there’s a wired and wireless version where wireless would cost a bit more than wired.

Edit: apparently the cloud 3 was released recently.
If you think the yoru is faking and pretending to be a clone then shoot it. If it is a clone and it does flash you, look away as fast as you can and it will only flash you for like half a second
Skins make them money, any quality of life changes don't. If they thought they could charge for the replay system as a monthly subscription thing it would have been in the game years ago. None of the things they promise generate revenue so they'll drag their heels doing most of it if ever.
Brother what is the rank 😂
No one wanting to hold spike is why I used to play tons of Gekko, now I just let other people hold it since they don’t wanna help me out and get upset when I ask them.
i think hes still to strong. They should nerf chamber, maybe take out his tp, remove his op, and only give him one bullet in his deagle. Then he’ll be balanced/s
do they actually do anything? i used the in game report system but just wondering if it’s worth sending screenshots to them too
Then the whole enemy team went to execute at b
Back in the days when we hear the name chamber we all are fucked up
I mean do you want Reyna to be deleted from game or these Reyna mains to be deleted 😂

You either get a cracked one dropping 30 or Reyna struggling to get 5 kills. There is no in between
You don't
Ohh thats smart, id try that if i didnt use scroll wheel up for jump
LOL you should see the comments on the [official Valorant yt posts](https://www.youtube.com/@valorant/community).
I fucking hate the metal pipe soundboard. It is obnoxiously louder than normal. I'm annoyed because it literally hurts my ears
Some days I tell myself I’m going to play until I win one.  7-8 games later I realize that was a terrible decision.
 Cloves smoking after death could count as a passive
r/madlads

Honestly the fact that you managed to make a coherent speech with an actual message while naming all 9 maps is so impressive. Bravo OP
Honestly, if she's truly immortal then it makes sense she wouldn't take all this seriously, I mean what's gonna happen to her? Death? The very thing her immortality counters? Lore wise, it makes sense imo for her to be very laid back and to joke around.
Just sad that we are at a point where they have to monetize gun buddies and playercards like this. People are still waiting for when we finally get events or other ways to earn some actual gun skins instead of buying them, but they go the opposite route and charge money for something as small as playercards and gun buddies.

I guess some manager needed a new car, boat and apartment, so they decided to charge money for it last minute.
1.5k hours on Cypher, my entire match history is Cypher, and there’s only one reason; his voice is hot.
Honestly don’t feed them attention, just enjoy the new agent and let them cry about it until they change or leave.
He was following you from elbow?
That Prime Vandal looks fucking sick
"Open up the Skye" would be a surgeon's line that performs urgency surgery on Skye, not Brim's
I’ve come to the conclusion people have horrible mental playing this game. Just because you lose the first 2 rounds does not mean you lost the game. It’s insane how easily people give up lol
Yup 100%. You be amazed at the shit you can get wrote off for taxes lol
shaking with excitement
Probably cause valorant is still a small game under development
Riot's arbitrary agent classifications don't really mean much, especially at the highest levels. 

When building comps, competitive teams look at things more like:
- passive info (sentinels)
- active info (usually initiators: drones, dogs, arrows, etc)
- flash (usually initiators or duelists)
- info denial (usually controllers: smokes, walls, etc.)
- movement or space-taking (duelists: jett, raze)

Pretty much every other ability can go under "makes this agent a better at being a person with a gun." Debuffs like Deadlock net, stuns, etc. are a bit nebulous.


There are hybrids of course. For instance Omen and Phoenix. So I wouldn't be surprised if Riot reworks how they classify agents in the future. 

I wouldn't get too hung up on it and just play what you like. Some would say a "real" sentinel has very strong passive info by nature. And as another user mentioned, those are very hard to balance.
The main Champions is open to everyone, it's just that there aren't any women who qualified.
Good one devs
I mentioned this before the last time the topic came up - I don't think Cypher needs a direct nerf, but I think buffing Neon's Fast Lane to disable trips it passes through while it's up would be a nice small buff to Neon and give Cypher a little more counter-play.
1. I'm sorry

2. My mommy won't let me spend money on the game, pleaze gimme uwu 69 lol

3. Request so they can buy their own gun, but just keep it. Might as well enjoy the moment, no?
Oh shit. Dude I just army cralled my ass out of iron with all the shitty throwers and afks. AM I GETTING SENT BACK. I CANT DO IT BOSS DONT SEND ME BACK.
It used to work a few years ago but now I can't check hoe much I've spent. Must've tried it a dozen times in the last 6 months but it's always stuck on the loading icon.
FINALLY some Sova involvement in teasers and I’m guessing (hoping) the upcoming cinematic. They’ve barely been including him in things
I feel like the community should vote for maps to be removed and added. If a map gets the highest vote, they won’t be in the next poll(s)
For the wider audience sure but people who actually care about esports and are invested in it see more than just the kills. Also i haven't seen anyone say they want pancada off the team, its all been bench zellsis cos hes the 6th, or what they should actually do to improve the team, bench tenz. Leo was in contention for player of the year and a huge part of that is due to how good his util usage is. People talk alot about sentinels lurks.
Wireless - yes. Bluetooth - no.
and it's ironic cause Riot supposedly flew out creators to Norway for the private playtest 

I don't know if it's a US. entertaintment law thing (complex SAG-AFTRA contracts and such), but Valorant's voice acting is severely lacking relative to the size and budget of Riot.

For example, for most cinematics it feels like they're copy pasting existing voice lines, not letting the actors talk naturally. It's not like TF2 where half the voice actors have died or retired. Valorant's VOs are still on contract.
LOUDCAM
PRX. Their play style is interesting and matches are almost always entertaining (if not a bit frustrating when they overheat and throw rounds). Sometimes they hit, sometimes they miss, but they usually make games interesting.
As far as I understand it, Vanguard just scans your system for Programs known to be used for cheating. If it finds one during the game, you get the red screen. If it has no clue about the engine used, it can't do anything.

Reporting on the other hand requires manual reviews of of the game, which can happen much later after the game is over and if it's not super obvious, there is a good chance to not be punished at all.
Valorant player life cycle: new map! Trash. I miss old maps. *Newer map come into rotation and current ones go out*. Repeat.
The character doesn't need what would be a very substantial buff
Yeah I think she needs another look by devs...

I like the fake-smokes, I like that she can succ/stun far away and isn't bad on Split and Pearl... but yeah as-is she's not really all that good.
I like him. I think if he was more edgy he’d just be another Yoru
Everything is personal preference.   
RGX Blade is a solid choice, and probably the best out of those 4 in my opinion + having cool colors.
Small indie company
Bro was the only person who was keeping Valorant Content creation alive.

Zammey is also one of them but he doesn't make frequent uploads.
Psychological, but different bullet tracers do help. So some guns are "better" than others because of it.
Deaths by the spike don't give ult points
He knew he would’ve been clowned on if he dropped to ascendant again lmao
Basically iso ult when active make the user and enemy have a fake  150 hp before battle and after either u or enemy win it they go back to original hp 

So if enemy have 100 hp and get iso ult they will gain 150hp within the iso ult and if they win they go back to 100hp etc
I miss ’on my way’ :(
I would flash entry, call it out every round. Gecco would still run ahead with spike, get flashed, die, then claimed I was flashing too late. Like no my guy, you ran ahead of my call. After I called him out he stopped, thankfully lol.
A few new characters got added. Harbor(may have been out already?) Gekko Deadlock Iso Clove. 

For the Sentinel role, not much has changed for Sage and KJ. Sage is still in a weird spot and KJ is still great. 

Cypher has received a series of buffs that have made him one of the best sentinels. 

Chamber got nerfed into the ground and then buffed back up into honestly a pretty reasonable state. 

Deadlock got released, was almost unplayable on release, and got buffed into being honestly pretty alright. 

Skye got nerfed significantly which has made her a lot worse, but this has let a lot of other Initiators shine. 

For the new agents, half of them have found their place in the meta. Harbor is weird and I don't know if this is still the case, but he was usually played alongside Viper. It took people a while to figure out how Gekko's kit works but he's pretty solid these days. Deadlock as I already mentioned is alright. Iso was pretty much dead on arrival and has yet to receive any major changes. Clove pretty much just dropped, so we have yet to see the impact they will have on the meta. 

Outside of agents, quite a few other changes. New maps in Lotus and Sunset(I myself am quite partial to Lotus), some balance changes to guns, and the Outlaw got added.  A few maps got some tweaks as well but I don't remember all of them. 

Most notable balance changes gun wise are probably the shorty nerf(now 300 credits and slightly worse, with less ammo), stinger nerf(people realized it was good, so its 1100 now), judge nerf(same price, but lower accuracy when moving and jumping+lowered clip size/reserve), a specter nerf(don't remember the exact numbers, may have been before you left), and a hit to the reserve ammo on vandal/phantom so they now only have 50 and 60 reserve ammo respectively instead of 75 and 90. The outlaw is a new sniper, does 140 to body to help incentivize people to buy heavy armor. Its got two shots that can be fired rapidly, but the reload is pretty long. Also note that the outlaw's reloading speed and sound will change depending on if you are reloading 1 or 2 bullets. 

There was also an update a while back that nerfed a lot of strong ultimate's costs. I don't remember them all but note that 9 pip ultimates are a thing now lol.
Which one are you? I'm the green cat.
They just need to admit it’s a shit map and just permanently vault it. The map is way too flawed for the minor changes they could make. They’d have to completely rework the whole map, so at that point, just remove it.
aw man, that's a bummer. A site shuttin' down on us today? 😒 forget about it. just switch up your tactics and focus on B site instead 💪🏼 they won't see it coming! trust me, i've had my fair share of shitty matches in VALORANT 🙄
I have a really bad news
just buy the battle pass way more bang for buck imo
It also makes sense for people who weren’t always playing this game. I started this year and missed out on the previous champ skins. I (and I’m sure anyone else that started in 2024) would be extremely pissed if they released a champ skin for a fucking outlaw when everyone else got vandals/phantoms.
Bro I’ve played 1500 hours and have yet to not fight a Reyna
That shot and knife out is such a bad habit. Great play though
As I said, it’s only towards friends I’m in Discord with. And I’ll never intentionally kill them
You don't
Except a wall which blocks angles and 2 vulnerables which make enemies butter
I can relate i too have added vp to buy a vandal skin.till date i am getting only phantom skins(prem) and got the chronovoid phantom for 3 days in row prime phantom for 2 days in a row. Before adding vp i was getting good vandal skin.T_T
As a female player that has lost all hope in vc for valorant because of the sexism and horrible trolling that comes along with it… I appreciate you sticking up against them. 

It’s exhausting when we’re the only ones trying to stand up for ourselves and then the fourth teammate just tags along. 

It’s immature and speaks volumes for what kind of a life those sad people have. 

I can’t speak for everyone, but what would help me feel better is just having a teammate what’s willing to work with me in the game. 

Saying something like, “Let’s just mute and report them. Hey, want to try going A? KJ setup B, Jett always watches mid, I can flash….” And so on. 

Just focusing on the game and willingness to work together is helpful. 

It also helps take the attention off trolls and just do our best considering the situation. 

We can’t force other people to behave a certain way. We can’t control other people, but we can control how we react and how we treat others. 

It’s frustrating and it’s hard having to accept that you’re kind of just stuck with it, but not much you can do other than mute, report, and do your best.

Edit: Also wanted to add that it helps reminding yourself that you’re only stuck with them for the game. Afterwards you’re done the second you let it go. Poor souls they’re stuck with themselves 24/7 until they decide to change something.
What in the plastic5 are the enemies doing💀
Read the layoff email. Employees get 6 months of severance minimum, get to keep their healthcare for 6 months, get to request a free laptop and keep any other peripherals they've been given, get to keep their stock/ownership (and are invited to all future buybacks)

Layoffs fucking suck and I feel bad for the 500+ people affected, but Riot's reasoning for the layoff is sound and they are handling it very well so far.
Since you just hit immortal your hidden MMR is going to drag you down because the game thinks you deserve a lower rank. Just keep playing and eventually it’ll balance out.
Yep I don’t have agent or announcement lines so I don’t know when people ult. I’m expecting a huge bug fix list by next week
Bronze cypher, can confirm, I don't move my trips till they start actively destroying em
Every map has these little guys, they're collectively called the Tacti-Friends, they appear in sprays, cards and buddies. The most common one is the bear, you can find him near the Gaia's Vengeance tree in Abyss as well. My favourite spot is in the Manor outside of the map on Breeze.
Yes, I wish there was an option to hide skins from teammates. So for me its still the skin, but they just see the default.
Nah it's not common, I've been around since the very first one and I'm pretty sure it's never been shut down before. It will probably be back soon.
Always made more sense to have unrated not be stuck toa map pool, at the very least, an optional inactive map pool queue could have also been added, like an opt in and opt out for both active and inactive.

Anyways, hopefully this would mean having players play test changes in these modes before consideration in adding it to the active competitive map pool as well.
It’s bc bundles with 4 guns have the knife for free, the 2 skin melee bundles don’t do that . Simple
Acctually, I don’t think I wanna peek mid anymore
people that say 'nobody cares' actually means 'i care a lot but pseudo neutrality that is clearly hostility is a lot more socially acceptable, otherwise id just say a slur rn'
a lot of people for some reason don’t know that Reyna can dismiss through util such as deadlock and cypher cages
just gets so annoying having a 12 year old screech for it every round
u have to aim down to shoot it and then aim back up again to shoot back but u might be dead before that happens
I don't like Breeze tbh I've poor eyesight and sometimes the enemies are too far and I miss my shorts 😭
Most intelligent valorant player:
Wait why is nobody talking about Harbor, you're literally a water bender
ill never have to stand in line again
it's crazy, still shocked the way that killjoy deconstructed the ass of my Yoru like damn get him queen but leave him alive
Cypher is 100% anti dive you’re just yapping at this point.
queued with a guy 2 games in a row who instalocked chamber and immediately asked someone to lock in a sentinel cus he said he'll play like duelist.

proceeded to go 4-23 the first game, 2nd game he had 0 kills in the first half and said "i swear i dropped 40 on my last game" .. he didn't know i was his previous teammate.
I would much rather have a map ban system than map rotation. I understand they do changes on them, but they can still do changes and have those maps in the game. At least leave all the maps in unrated.... there should be no reason to remove maps for unrated.
I‘ve almost never seen someone rez kayo xd
I do medium bots with op. 15 kills going slow to target, 15 kills flicking to target. Then deathmatch using op only peeking corners and holding

I believe their IQ is so low that they are unable to even answer your question.
I play deadlock so I dont have util to break the shield. Usually what I do if I have too challenge the iso is jump peak and shoot shorty or classic right click to break shield. You could also prefire or wallbang like other people suggesting
I second this
going a going b going c
the HELL was going on in that deathmatch lmao
Half blind Russian hunter vs NPC
say it louder for the people in the back (riot devs)
this is probably why, i never push out once bomb is planted and i play with my traps because i don’t want to risk losing a round. thanks!

i dont really care if i get mvp or not (as long as we win) but i just expected id be the one this match
The finals seems like it’s dying on steam playercounts. But the devs revealed just a couple days ago that it never went below 300k daily players. The game was super trendy when it came out so of course the player count will stabilize. Success can be very relative and valorant is just another beast because of Riot. A lot of news articles will try to push that a game is dying by singling our data points like that cause it gets more interactions for them. I’m sure other “dying” games are the same way.
Say ggez back for max confusion
>People are BEGGING to have move slots in the shop (heck, this is to spend money!) and Riot does not care

Less slots in the store is more profitable. People buy more skins while waiting for the ones they want, and there’s the FOMO aspect. This is a misconception.
they actually automatically changed your region after some time to where you play from even with TR accounts
This took 9 months?
Maybe because valorant gets some parts from CS and this was one of it. In CS you only drop the most expensive weapon, nade, and kit when you die. 

I think that's a good decision since these are tactical shooters and not something based on loot mechanics. Would be kinda funny if agents dropped abilities after they die like a KJ turret or cypher trips and could pick them up and use them 😂
A lot of midwit Gekko players hit remote plant as soon as they're in range and don't know how to aim where it plants, so the spike is either handed over for free to an uncracked site or post plant becomes needlessly difficult.
The best time to plant a tree was twenty years ago

The second best time is now
I can never get that 29 seconds of my life back
I'm glad that there is some sort of confirmation/approval. Thanks for your reply.
It’s a replay system at launch. 

Tbh it makes very worried if they release their fight game without a replay system or frame data. Seeing their trends lately.
This is poorly written btw, sorry, I should have thought and written better sorry :(
running in the pit without even hearing a tap 😭
I would teamkill the enemy team but I can't figure out how.
Aka the cod reload
Ok then don’t have that system work for groups that are queued together. As a solo you shouldn’t be fucked cuz another guy left the game
Exactly, now Riot needs to drop another crossover with Lol and give us that Star Guardian gun skin
More of a glitch, it is constant and it doesn't happen radomly. It is 100% of the time.
bro if my diamond teammates entry like that i am reporting them for throwing
Def astra, she can destroy worlds
Everything will be more expensive individually.. Just buy it all at once
oh ok :(
So does a tag by cypher :(
I think it’s a cool idea and missed opportunity by riot. But in my opinion it kinda resembles the Neo frontier white variant just different pattern. I could be wrong.
average jonas
Drop the tracker, I’m curious to see your stats and if your performance noticeably dropped throughout the day
I have to agree. My partner mains Cypher and so many people died from the trips lately xD It is wonderful!
What they need to do is revert the cooldown nerfs on succ and smokes and keep 4 stars, it will be on par with omen then
hardstuck gold 😭
I learned this after watching VCT. Because it is still very common to save the sidearm in low elo.
I am level 50 right now (on a break from the game due to midsems) but when I reached level 48 I first time reached bronze.

What I did was nothing, just kept playing games and actively focusing on crosshair placement and most importantly not spraying. 

And please play at lower sens like 0.35  or  0.4 . I used to play on 1.2 sens on 1000dpi for fucking  40 levels.
Just call it Vanguard ☠️
Yes smurfing is allowed and encouraged by Riot, because more accounts means more people buying skins and more money.
Don’t know if this counts but I’ve double ranked up a few times so 200 rr? Unless double rank up means something else and someone can explain
crosshair code pls?
"New agent no way!!!!"


Also my ass locking raze every game:
Ikr? Not so far from taking over us.
Yeah, hot take but if there's an afk, the draw vote should only take 1 player even at 13-13
With 3 hours on a tac shooter, brother just play the game, you don't need to post on reddit asking for validation
You gotta give it to Riot for having no idea on what to change in the UI and consequently removing stuff that nobody asked for like the headshot text being ommitted.
Assists also work for the ult from my experience. I did notice it late and died cause i rushed and I didn't have to, but if you deal enough damage to an enemy and your teammate kills them, it works just as if you killed them for the ult's sake.
yeah, uniquely dogshit
if the gameplay is crisp, it looks like a win in my book honestly
Lots of things going on to cause this.

Unrated has a different MMR but I believe it is also looser in its matching. 

Most ppl push their hidden mmr higher in ranked than unranked bc they are trying seriously and/or with duo. Or learning new agents in unranked, losing games bc they are use to higher ranked teammates, and like 50 other possible reasons their unranked mmr isn’t as high. 

Given your low rank, you likely have a higher mmr in unranked, so you really can’t compare what your rank is vs who you should play in unranked. It makes sense if you’ve played significantly more unranked than ranked (bc you can play 5 ranked to place bronze and an immo may have played hundredddds of ranked and 5 unranked). Your hundreds of unranked games makes it look like you may belong in a game with the immo who only has 5 unranked played.

That’s all without including loads of factors im not positive about such as rank decay over time. They could simply have been immo a long time ago.

But, it. Doesn’t. Matter. At. All. It happens in literally every competitive game. Learn to lose and figure out what your mistakes were/what they are doing to be so oppressive. Then move on to the next game.
Common trend for riot games, it also goes for flaming btw, you either quit with your soul intact or you keep playing until you say things that you're not coming back from
This is the answer, OP
There’s no shortcuts to actually improving in this game. You need to learn the basics and speed them up through practice in game.

Go into deathmatch, take it really really slow. You’re not trying to win the deathmatch. What you do is all the gun mechanics in an intentional way.

Spawn. Locate an enemy. STOP MOVING. AIM THE MOUSE AT THE HEAD. CONFIRM ITS ON THE HEAD. THEN SHOOT. IF NOT DEAD, STRAFE RIGHT OR LEFT. FIX AIM ON HEAD. SHOOT.

You need to do this as exaggerated as possible. Imagine learning how to shoot a basketball. You learn form shooting over tons of repetitions. You translate it into game by practicing other shots and drills with increased speed.

It’s no different here bro. Dominant the basic gun mechanics and you will see results. if you’re looking for a short cut you’re not gonna get better
This has to be a joke
I swear it look like its scripted but absolutely not 😂😂
Same lol, i've even made tickets for hate speech but still nothing, bravo rito
How a cypher only got 10 assists in 52 rounds? 😂😂 honestly I love games where everyone is committed to playing it out like this. The last 3-4 overtime games I’ve played someone eventually selects draw.
mf is the reason i have lost 11 in a row.
Overall I think the buy menu is great. My only complaint with it is the left side of the buy menu looks super cluttered. To me it’s harder to see my teams loadouts if that makes sense.
Yeah the game sometimes just randomly determines when you'll win or lose a gunfight. It's genuinely infuriating and I feel like it's bad game design but what can you do, thats just the game we play
>Code 1: CC-VLRNT-CCHAL-00001  
>  
>Code 2: CC-VLRNT-CCHAL-VAL02  
>  
>Code 3: CC-VLRNT-CCHAL-WNGMN
Maybe YOU can't
Mouse technology is pretty much at its peak, the marginal gains at this point come from mousepad surface (which comes down to how well you can control a fast gliding mouse more than the pad itself) and mouse shape (which is prob different for everyone depending on their preference)

If the Logitech G Pro range is too $$$ for anyone I'd look into the Chinese brands. Same factories, same parts
Maybe I just don't know how duelists are supposed to be played, but it looked like he just waited for the enemy util to go down, by which time his whole team had died.
Agents, it has been a pleasure to announce...

# CYPHER DID NOT DIE ON THIS CINEMATIC
Derived from another game that labeled one team as “Terrorists”
"Come" -viper
I wish there was a way to kick flip.
The breach used his ult and none of his team acted on it. It was a wasted ult. He built up ult orbs for several rounds just to stun the other team for a few seconds. If someone uses their ult and their team gains nothing from it it's a wasted ult.
Sherif kinda a cop tho
You're just built different, my guy :)
Maybe a new strategy could be to work as a team
Personally I own skins and I don’t mind because I feel like if me dropping a skin to someone makes them enjoy the game more there’s no harm. But my duo also has skins and he absolutely refuses to give them to others because he finds it annoying. Personal preference and neither is wrong :)
Sorry for the confusion, we're working on a fix for this right now.
Chamber is just a dude with radiant technology. His 'tattoo' is actually his Tour De Force. Harbor is a dude with an artifact. The rest are radiant. There is the valorant wiki that goes over this information for every agent actually.
He could make money, but if he doesn't want to then don't make him. I'd try and see if he wants to stream because its more chill than going pro, but streaming for 6 hours a day with no viewers can be really lonely.

&#x200B;

I think you would also have to realize that if he were to go pro/stream then you would probably need to invest money into his setup to give him a pc thats capable to stream at decent quality for long periods of time. 

&#x200B;

Its such a gamble to do, but if hes willing to try and you're willing to invest some money into it then id say give it a shot as top 200 is really good. I don't have much more to say because I can't really predict the future.
Hallo!
Reaver vandal “I don’t play this game very much so I’ll just get the gun I use the most” 1600 hours and nearly $3k later here we are
Prelude to chaos vandal sometimes but reaver and prime are just og aimbot skins, blub blub too sometimes
Yeah, ulted Reyna is the raid boss of Valorant
Issa visual glitch. If you pause at the moment you kill him you can see that the wire "lines" are going off at random angles.

Those are two ends of the same tripwire, goes from the box to the ground.
"iso's omen thingy"
Don't even start that shit here mate
ADSing with Odin also increases its firerate
Who tf decides to ask if anyone on the team is trans?
I haven’t played an unrated since Swiftplay came out. I only play comp and if I’m not feeling it I just play Swiftplay since games are short and I can not tryhard. 

I think you have too many expectations for unrated, play comp if you want to actually play the game.
Lotus, and it was 11-1, we were playing as CT, and LocalIdentity said:  
  
'Guys, if you think we are good, let's prove it now'. 11-1"  
  
Chigin: "did we comeback?"  
  
LocalIdentity: "of course not. 13-6"  


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QN1eMeNivBY
search “demon1” on aimlabs playlists. full name is “improved demon1 aim routine” by VTminigod, but it’s easiest searched with demon1. 

1600 .173
Why does this become difficult to implement in replays? Every smoke already has a unique look so I don't see any problems.
Yup
there are plenty of 5’6 dudes than can dunk though
I can't speak for everyone obviously, but as an unrated warrior myself I tend to only play around 5 ranked games a season. 

I'm ranked plat 2, but my lobbies tend to mostly be diamonds. 






Real answer is people do better when relaxed, and your team quality is mixed in unrated.
It gets worse and you'll start to lose RR. This is from a year ago when someone tested the [penalties](https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/12pb2aa/new_dodge_penalties/). It's like Sunset, Lotus, etc every time they release a map people will dodge it in the beginning and eventually the dodgers realize you can't just dodge it every time because of the penalties are getting too bad.
this is terrible reasoning.  5 man pushing 1 at a time through a smoke with no util after getting your entire team kayo scanned gets punished regardless.  There is no risk free play in valorant and the team buying after winning pistol is more often than not better expected value than not.
i was immortal before i could do more than 5. Stick to medium anything else reinforces bad habits if you’re trying to “improve”
This inspires me. Ill let you know how I do tmrw on my immortal rankup 😭
yea tbh I do panic alot, especially when playing valorant, I should stop doing that
You aim better than my teammates on pc
Aw man, that's actually really sad :/. I always adore the moment when the team finds out that it's only or like 3-4/5 girls (or even younger kids who are nice). Those games are so enjoyable and we comm constantly, it's so helpful and fun. And then next game you get thrown into the most sexist and disgusting team ever and the vc is instantly off again lmao.
That's what I was thinking its good we don't have it people could use it to steal skins
As a viper main yes, I also miss Pearl and Fracture. Ughh they vault my favorite maps everytime😭😭
Someone posted a video of the abilities on Twitter, these are real. On paper, she sounds pretty good so far.
I kinda wish his Undercut didn’t affect allies so that I don’t have to worry about inting them when they try to swing out in front of me lol
It’s not a smoke
Unrated
There isn't a low ammo sound in valorant though?
I see the problem here but he’s not even the best player in his stack. The whole team are Smurfs probably immortal+. They are literally stomping mid diamond teams  over and over
Damn that’s a nice night market, what I’m hoping for is for there to be a button for a re-roll so people like you can keep the old one
not really, you need a fast asf reaction time and theres a blind spot (or blind ring) i think
So... a top 10 percentile player
Radianite is extremely scummy because not only does it work, it covers all their audiences. 

* It squeezes the hell out of whales, who would need to pay basically double the base price of a Bundle to get everything unlocked for said Bundle when it drops. They're whales, so they'll do it anyway. 
* And it ensures that dolphins, who recoil from the absurd price of Radianite, will definitely buy the Battlepass and grind for weeks to upgrade the several skins they do buy, therefore providing regular participation in the game itself (lowers queue times) and increases the number of time/chances Riot has to entice them with more skins to purchase. 
* And if that wasn't enough, it entices minnows to grind as well, since the Battlepass spreads out the free Radianite across the whole thing. If the minnows want to upgrade the one Vandal/Phantom skin they bought, they have to grind as well.
This. If they type or say a slur it's almost 100% certainty riots automatic systems will flag a ban if as many as one person reports.
Please give me 6000 credit rocket launcher rito
I mean Wild Rift is a different game really Valorant will be the exact same just with controller support.
It’s easy, just make a wrong callout. Everyone will chime in to correct
It's like "oh boy I can't wait to actually have thought behind our play" and then the Jett Reyna still gets locked in and you hammer sites just now you might get traded.
Or eyes. They lack of eyes could be a factor in this as well due to the fact clove should have seen their health no?
Even if he bottom frags and win it doesn’t mean he’s bad
Gekko is typically considered to not be a radiant, as he likely only gained his tattoos, and his abilities of interaction with his creatures (which are called radivores, by the way) in an artificial event similar to what’s seen in the Deadlock cinematic, where the radivore bear bites her, gives her tattoos along her arm, and appears to form some sort of psychic bond with her, before she breaks the bond and gets rid of the tattoos by killing it and destroying her arm. 

There was an email on the range a while back that I think specifically mentioned Gekko, Harbour, and Omen as being weird and not being able to be classified as human or radiant (although I think harbour is pretty clearly human, why should his use of ancient radianite technology be different to killjoys modern radianite powered technology, just because of age)
Deadlock's are both so furious and I love them so much. Her voice lines after killing with ult are also great, particularly "you are UNMADE" and "they couldn't save you!" 

Breach's is similar and fills me with dread. I think Sova's is great even though I'm not really scared of his ult.
You can't Neon sprint through the barriers, is my point. Practicing entries or practicing strafes off utility (which you can't use in the buy phase) is not currently possible with infinite sprint.
Geeko
As someone who is currently in mid plat(haven’t even played past my 5 initial games this act), low asc an episode ago, I agree that immortals are just different. 

The difference between the plats/diamonds and ascendants is consistency. I believe skill wise they are on a similar ground, but the higher up you go people are just smarter with taking duels and more consistent. However, whenever I’ve played against immortals, they seem to be playing a different game it’s crazy
Thrash can be used multiple times, gains info, makes a person or more absolutely useless for like 7 seconds for a free kill, one of the best util for entering site whether it be retaking or taking a site. 
Omen ult can be used for info, normally instantly shot or killed after it ends, most of the time it's for a fast rotate or mind games. That's why it's one of the more disliked ults because every ult has much more value for the same or cheaper price.
His point is that you should learn to communicate information to your teammates instead of being selfish and playing like you are in a 1v5
Clover.
yeah I just lost to a couple of e-daters screaming homophobic slurs in my ear and killing everyone except one then bodyblocking me into a corner so that we would lose
Holistically. But, it's worth noting that VALORANT is fundamentally a competitive game - and if the game doesn't function at the highest level, we think we've failed. We tend to bias towards high level or pro balance because that is the pinnacle of VALORANT play that, as players learn and get better, they should be aspiring towards. 

It'd be a strange state of the game for the game to get worse or less balanced the better you get at it. Why would you keep investing time, then?

  
All that being said, yeah we're looking at things holistically. I personally believe these changes should feel relevant for all of our players, not just professionals.
Honestly i never notice bc most of the people i end up with has their name covered. I genuinely dk how people can be like "omg its that guy from our previous game" when all they see its their title and banner. 

But yea occasionally i do meet the same people especially if its like midnight. Its just statically common to match with the same people when the pool of players is low
Why tf on earth that I have to shoot at the wall if I can shoot at between girl’s legs ?
Spline skins
Give Neon a double jump.
What a series.
Buy with the team

There are situations where it might make sense for the whole team to force when they otherwise wouldn't (round 2 after losing pistol, Round 3 after winning round 1 and 2) But the whole team has to be on board.

Only exception is agents who are guaranteed weapon ults next round
We need "Be quiet" and "Rotating" back
mostly swiftplays impossible to get away with this in comp unless its iron
People usually help new players improve and it’s pretty similar in ranked too. There are some people who are really toxic.  Just report them.
I’ve been stuck immortal for a while, I play the same time every night and only on London servers.
I’d say 3/10 games maybe more have atleast 1 player I’ve played against before. Depressing.. I know.
Bronze? U also didn’t clutch u lost the round lmao
Well when you put it like that
I started with KJ as my first unlock, purely because her turret could hit shots for me. Valorant is my first shooter game, I was completely new and combat shy and incredibly freaked out about dying in the game. I only started playing to bond with my husband, and dammit I was gonna make it work.

Since then, I've just kinda stuck to KJ. I've got setups and lineups, and I'm confident with her. I've started fooling around playing Gekko recently, and it's very fun. Might start branching out.
"hold on, let him cook, this is where he does his best work"
I think generally Ascent, both in pro play and ranked (im asc so mid/high elo ), has grown really stale in terms of what you can play (or expected to play), additionally it’s always A main or B main that are highly contested parts of the map, with some splits coming through smoking mid/arch, and kj trip market so no attackers usually choose to coordinate taking market space, while Haven has more room to maneuver and I feel like there is more variance both in skill and teamwork that exists in Haven which is why most are upset about it being removed.
I don't know, you've got three groups. 

The derankers will love it. 

The trolls won't care. 

Those who are dealing with actual connection issues and game crashes will get punished more.

I've been in the third group a couple patches back, still don't know what was the cause, but would randomly crash on map  load, have to force close, restart and generally miss pistol. Stopped playing comp specifically because of it. Zero RR win hurts the soul.
It’s been like that since he was released. Also reload speed is increased the moment he uses double tap ability(when the bar goes up) doesn’t matter u have shield or not.
All this tells me is that there's a LOT of people who flame their teammates when their mic isn't on, and all I can think is that Valorant knows this and rolled this out on purpose to put everyone in check LMAO
Really cool of them, to help your Clip. Good gamers are a real thing - crazy.
It helps. After immo u can proudly uninstall the game ;D
I know most people don’t talk about this as much.. but I *really* love chronovoid.. the entire bundle is so CLEAN
I mean they could just queue up another game if they know their friend will come back
I think that anyone who’s spent at least 2 games on neon can tell you that she’s not unbelievably op and that you can’t just full run and gun ace 1 tap everyone while mid air. No. She finally feels like a viable pick comparable to raze or Jett. Iso on the other hand feels really strong to me, especially if the other team doesn’t have mollies. Now he has 1 really strong ability and 2 underwhelming ones. Personally I feel that the channeling animation doesn’t take long enough, and should be closer to removing a spycam dart, and that longer animation forces it you to be more decisive with it similar to  how Jett’s dash was nerfed in order for you to be more decisive with it on defense
"Because people need to fell conected with the pro players in competitive inclusive the ones who doesn' give a #### to this"


I really hope they cared more about the valorant player instead of the pro player
As a sage player , I freaking love ICEBOX!!!!
This usually only occurs to Immortal 3/Radiant lobbies.
Yes you might see some familiar names again, but Immortal 1/2 players also get enough Ascendant players in their lobbies.
So yes chances are higher to meet a player again, but not high enough to say “I get him/her every tenth game”.
Objectively omen is miles better than most controllers with the highest pickrate in pro play at almost 90% across every map except icebox basically. In ranked omen is still insanely strong if you know how to play him properly. The reason for clove having such a high winrate in ranked is because it basically gives your team a 3rd duelist (considering most ranked matches has 2 duelists) and it makes a lot of preassure when she runs you down with a decay and 2 duelists behind her. But if you look at pro play omen is by far superior to clove in basically every scenario.
> what rank do you have to get to for people to take the game seriously...

There's no 'rank' where people take this game seriously. Ranked queue is still just a casual mode that's accessible to anyone. Anyone can join, do whatever they want, play however they want. This holds true in every single game with a ranked queue: ranked is NOT competition.

If you want people who "take the game seriously" then find a community of like-minded people to stack with, or get into scrims and inhouses. You will never get what you want from ranked, no matter how high you climb.
see a shrink. but legit same back in the day, i would be thinking about how much i hate that shit game and then tab over and queue up. 10 game loss streak? queue up. all nighter 8 am? queue up. shit is evil lol . try finding a different hobby that’s more fun but less addictive, that’s how i kicked it. committed myself to beating sekiro, and had fun with it, eventually I preferred playing a single player game to queuing up. gl man
When I'm a bit more talkative, it's a "hi everyone"
Are you referring to the in-game playercard (Battlepass tier 50)? Or this image? I haven't seen the 008 yet, that's hype!
They’re also in meta LOL
(Try to reload it)
I'm saying it now.  This game is probably 2 or 3 new heroes away from entire comps of ability spam for kills or set up those who can.  Those who survived will get to use their guns.  Perhaps unpopular in opinion, but Valorant is going to be Overwatch Tactical Shooter edition.
I had a Chamber jump peeking in my gold lobby last. Peeking an angle my KJ turret was already covering. So, you know. It's a mixed bag.
Which is counterintuitive when you think about it
This is a good advice for most silver players.

It's probaby the only thing they need to implement to reach gold without any other improvements.
i was in a 1v5 with no guns against a fully loaded enemy team
i saw opponent omen  on a main
we were playing bind
i ran into showers and then typed in all chat -
omen knife fight ?
and took my knife out and went outside showers
immediately got knifed from behind by the omen 
while i was searching for him at a main 😂😂
my dumbass was so busy inviting omen to knife fight that i forgot that he might have repositioned 😂😂
then the enemy omen replies it was a good fight 😂😂😂
I’ll say it again for you Riot. Smoke walls very a mistake and you’ll never balance the game like you want it to be with them still existing.
he probably didn't heal, you probably dealt 149 to him and the actual damage value was like 149.99999 something

which could make your game view it as 150 while the server views it as 149, but im not a programmer so dont take this as a 100% answer
I did this to my fiancée once. Contrary to appearances, sofas from Ikea are not as uncomfortable as they look.

Very juicy kills btw
100% agree. Missing haven so fucking bad, it was my best map.
Earlier kills, plus more assists would indicate they're doing more damage. Both contribute towards ACS which determines match mvp. 

You can hover over ACS and you'll see the formula to calculate it.
On one hand he’s still a tangible human so I don’t think he would get extinguished. 

On the other, if he was pure fire, wouldnt his clothes burn. Also he would burn up all the dirt and germs
Nah. Thats too OP imo. Can’t even lurk without the ability to stop it, if so, might as well not make the trips invisible. The sound trips are fine the way they are, maybe make them larger like before. Shes not meant as a rotating sentinel and still have site locked down. Shes meant to anchor like kj.
Reyna retains her ult. I found that out today.
You get 1 pistol skin per battlepass if you finish it and there are also agent themed pistol skins for each agent that you can unlock with in-game coins. So basically only pistols and not even the cool ones. Being f2p sucks but at least teammates can drop you their skins.
Shouldn't riot just enforce mobile phone verification? Like how many of u have got more than 2 sims? And something like overwatch from cs to ban trollers/cheaters/surfs?
We’re slowly being forgotten
what they did to metal tunnel in breeze is criminally lazy.
She’s pretty tough to play against tbh. I see her quite a bit in ascendant
It should be mandatory to post your tracker with these kinds of posts
Try sharpen your knife next time
She's hard to change because she's not actually OP so any nerf would just make her unplayable. But it does seem like the main issue people have with her is her healing. Not sure if this would work but maybe remove the heal altogether. Just let it heal when shes ulted. Make the dismiss her only ability and let her use it without having to kill anybody. Just let it reset after each kill.
im going to be honest, i had an office pc from bronze to plat and played at 60 fps, at the time I i built a decent gaming pc and got a 165hz monitor and thats why I flew past diamond. I know a lot of poeple stuck in diamond, your best bet is just keep playing, keep learning, keep improving and you’re likely to see rank up. Theres a lot of bs in diamond with toxicity and smurfs so it’s a real challenge keeping a good mental but do your best and you’ll be fine
exactly... maybe i posted it in a weird way lol
Probably just someone who has very poor English skills and wanted you to do something that sounds similar to "so buy" in their language and so you both just couldn't understand each other. That or he is just crazy.
Still broke as long as I get the sheild 7 seconds before I enter the site I'm good. Never really used the kill reset since i just shot the orb and kept going.
“They’re coming on D”
You might need to wait until patch 6.skill.issue for that
I’m 45 and have been playing FPShooters since MW2. Valorant is way different than all of the CoDs, BFs, Halos of the world. I’ve only been playing since the beta came out on console. I’m not as fast as these kids out there but I’m not going to quit trying to improve my aim and mechanics. Just keep playing
How often does that happen? I've got 800 hours and I've only once seen someone on the opposing team do that. How often would 4 people kick someone because they are toxic to that person? I think much more often.
I had a smurf kay/o go off and tell me I'm bad. I know I am. I'm literally in bronze and he's smurfing into a lower elo, what do they expect when they smurf and play in lower ranks?
Yeah, did pro play become a smoke spam stalemate? 

And I currently I don't even know if you can pick up ammo from fallen players. I never had ammo problems.
Nvm just saw it. Reported it too
I think you’ve gotten really unlucky because 98% of the women I meet are immediately so nice the second they hear I’m a woman.
Dude, he was an assassin, a hitman; killing Viper was nothing but a paycheck for him. So it is very bold of you to say he was right when the entire assassination-plot wasn't his plan in the first place, simply put, he was a tool. 

Becoming Viper's friend, just to betray her trust and kill her is pretty shitty in my book, to be honest and I would bet Viper kept him alive for the sake of their friendship.
The only reasonable explanation. I remember tenz saying his tournament pc was dropping to 60fps or some shit
I'd say it's pretty generous. Sometimes native speakers are hard to understand due to how strong their accent is.
Because Italians are the fuckin worst.

I should know, Im one of those miserable bastards
As a polish person, I'd love to see a polish agent. However, unfortunately, it seems that most big companies see everything east of Germany as "just Russia"
Smoke dancer, does sound familiar
Bulldog + heavy shield is crazy 2nd round. Enemy team is pretty much fucked on their eco. Sometimes I would have that bulldog for 3-4 rounds cuz I prefer it over vandal💀
Agree 100%.

The other day, guy didn't even connect since selecting the agent. Don't know if someone accidentally clicked F6 to decline or his ego is so inflated that he thinks we can 4v5 but it was. Wasted a whole 30 minute and RR because of that shit. I mean there's games like DotA2 where it's instantly remade after the first minute of not joining.
She is a radiant that gets busted by the guantlet
win pistol, buy marshal

lose pistol, buy marshal

marshal is love, marshal is life
Straight up, I'm never going to attack B with an enemy Cypher (which is every single game on Breeze) There is always at least 2 basically indestructible traps from entry, unless theres a Yoru decoy taking the traps, entry is a nightmare. Especially with the obligatory Controller's smoke and Cypher cages. And some mollys in for good measure, and naw that site is impenetrable. I have better chances of penetrating a woman than that defense
Add all maps in the pool, except breeze😈😈😈
And you know kj wears shoes with extra height 😌
Neon after her "buffs"
Sova 👍
woohoojin is an experienced radiant coach on youtube, and he made a video explaining in his opinion, the best way to reach gold in a month. a lot of us in the comments have never and will never hit radiant. but this guy knows what he’s talking about.
 https://youtu.be/JxP2y_q51IE?si=6J3DNbPxdkUBe5pk
In the cinematic for Lotus there's a spike detonation shown which acts exactly like in the game.
Everything is done with input. I don't do anything risky like reading memory or sending strange request, I just listen to keyboard input and mouse movement.
I also wanna add he is in gold 1, every agent can work in gold if u know how to play him. Good luck op.
(Source - I have seen some matches where deadlock carried the game).
and that was with the direct hit stun too, so broken
Depends on the map - the initiator class is solid all around and they’re all good at different things. Breach can enable duelists like Raze and Neon very well. Fade has flexible info. I don’t think there’s one that’s the worst.
You have good taste, my friend.
People absolutely are playing clove because they're a very individual-oriented agent. That's the same reason people play reyna, who's consistently been the most picked agent in ranked and casual play. 

I don't think there's anything necessarily wrong with riot making an aggressive/individual smoker. But as a controller main, I definitely feel you on some of these players not knowing how to smoke.
Tbh, the way Clove's immortality works is generally quite confusing. 

Our best clue comes from their ability descriptions (not the ones in-game, but their more detailed counterparts from the [article](https://playvalorant.com/en-us/news/game-updates/clove-death-is-only-the-beginning/) published when they were released):

>Meddle (Q): Clove focuses a fragment of immortality essence   
that, once thrown, deteriorates the life essence of those hit by the   
blast.  
>  
>Ruse (E): Clove’s mind projects a view of the battlefield   
from above. Using their essence, they manifest vision-obscuring clouds   
that change the flow of battle, even in death.  
>  
>Pick-Me-Up (C): Clove absorbs the life energy of a fallen enemy, granting them a moment of increased agility and health.  
>  
>Not Dead Yet (X): Clove defies death by activating their   
immortality essence. To stabilize their form, they must remove the life   
energy of an opponent.

The simple answer is right there - their immortality lets them return, but to "stabilize their form" they must take the life energy of someone else. That being said, this is still a very vague answer, and I think it deserves looking into at a deeper level

&#x200B;

So, life energy and immortality essence. 

The first one, Life Energy, is a subject that we've dealt with before in the lore - that's the same stuff that Sage, Skye, and Reyna all manipulate when using their abilities. Its also the stuff that Viper is trying to use to save Lucia, Reyna's younger sister (I won't go into too much detail here, but if you're interesting, [this](https://blog.disturbo.me/2023/01/life-energy-and-souls-reyna-and-lucia.html) is a brilliant article that covers it in depth)

The latter, however, is much more interesting. Its something that we've never heard of before. Not only that, according to Astra, it is something that has *never been recorded before* in any radiant, *ever*

>Hey boss. I spoke with our knew friend, wanted to know more about where they go when their soul takes a break. Nothing like the Astral plane. I checked our database, and at my small collection of Guardian records. **As far as I can tell, immortality isn't rare in radiants. It is** ***unprecedented.***

This is especially important, because we know that radiance is *inherited*. The factor that determines whether you can be a radiant, and the kind of powers you get, is known to be genetic. If nobody in the past has had this specific kind of power, *ever*, then how the fuck did Clove get it?

&#x200B;

Well, from the ability description of the ult, you can tell that their immortality essence alone isn't sufficient for them to self-resurrect. Their rejuvenated body is unstable, and stabilizing it requires stealing life energy from another human. 

So, Clove is a case where one human inherited the genes for two different types of radiances? One of them allows them to manipulate life energy, which is responsible for abilities like Pick-me-up (I don't think its incidental how closely this is linked to Reyna's kit, who we also know to be a life energy user). The other genes allow them to use 'immortality essence', which acts as another type of power source for a different set of abilities.

Individually, both can be used to extend life to a degree, but neither can achieve true immortality. When put together, though, they combine and give Clove the unique power to return from the dead at will. 

This also explains why nobody in the past had this power - if any of Clove's ancestors had only one of the two types of radiances, they would not be able to revive themselves. And having both types of radiances at the same time is *significantly rarer* than having just one.

&#x200B;

That being said, this doesn't sit right with me. For example, Clove mentions in [a voiceline](https://kingdomarchives.com/search?agent=Clove&search=share&id=88680) to Reyna that they would happily give up some of their immortality, if Reyna could use the life energy from that to keep Lucia healthy. 

But, if Clove needs to kill someone else to properly be able to res themselves, how is that any different from Reyna going and doing the killing herself? Furthermore, Reyna *refused* this offer. Why would she do that? Did she, with her greater knowledge about radiance, know that something about this plan wouldn't end well for Clove?

Also, consider that Clove isn't just some random smuck who the VP found on the street and decided to pick up. Omen ran into Clove, and found something about them significant enough that he went out of his way to keep them safe in a gunfight. Moreover, the Scions of Hourglass wanted Clove *dead* \- they even hauled their body aboard their boat to carry away for something. 

Clearly, there is something more afoot here... right?

&#x200B;

See, in the end, I have no clue. I don't think *anyone* has any clue, because this is still a really recent topic in the narrative, and we haven't learned much about it yet. 

If I had to guess, the multi-radiance theory I mentioned above is my best bet. That's all it is, though - a guess. A theory, pure speculation, very much unconfirmed. I could be completely off the mark there.

But, I hope I've convinced you that there is *something* that lies at the bottom of this rabbit hole. The devs have left too many breadcrumbs down this trail for it to all lead to nothing. It most certainly isn't just a random thing added for gameplay balance.

Well, that's all I have to say here. Thanks for reading, if you made it this far, ig
Immortal 3 300 RR and above
Good crosshair placement is about 3/4ths of it

The rest is flicking ability and being able to predict where people will be

In DM, everyone knows where everyone else is so there's almost no element of surprise so yeah, people just kinda run around headshotting everyone since they have near-perfect information
Very true, this is the equivalent of the $60 hanes cotton graphic tee that ur favorite artist sells at their shows
Same. I'm Viper in real life bro.
Idc what any riot apologist says if even black ops 1 has a theater mode there is no reason a 2024 competetive esport doesn’t have it, esp when it is built in unreal engine..
They didn’t even give us a Christmas mode last year
"Aim patiently, go for headshots, practice good peeks. Easy, got it."

*Proceed to spray and pray while in full sprint*
Sometimes they may provide you with helpful information, but usually it is pretty overwhelming and distractive.
just reducing the star windup would be good
Honestly, fighting against a half buy with a full save team is kinda like a gamble itself if you are desperate in winning. Might as well if you ask me. Just my opinion tho.
Oh how the banana has fallen
why are people down voting this comment?
Adhd bundle
I'm a simple guy, I see explosions, I like.
I saw a video about this, I didn't know it was a widespread issue... Guess I'll have to keep an eye on that
F) The person before me lied, + they all turn into KAY/O
Yeah why do people do this?? Like,  if a site push is working keep doing! it it's not that hard.

I have lost so many games where people just stubbornly push b for no fucking reason when A had proven to be so free
Sounds like an overpowered agent. Riot would never do that!
The game came out yesterday, give time to devs to fix it !!!!
I haven't got a good skin in night market since I bought a skin using the in game store.
*report* I'm in this answer and I don't like it
I'd say like 6 months. Haven't seen til now, though. Could be because Sage is barely ever picked
Although I always liked running Skye and Gekko together and called it the pokemon comp lol
Bet 🫠
Cypher gonna be sooooooo good just as you're halfway through the jump you suddenly get caught in a trap and yanked back right to your doom
That is actually insane. what ranks were your opponents ?
MB = My Bad (used when performing bad or doing a mistake)
I don’t feel like comming to monkeys
Ikr. Its different from shooting the dead bodies and bad mouthing them.
Its a really friendly BM? Thats why i loved it nd posted it lol
Skye is possibly the most overkitted champ in the game. Enjoy your free Elo as you get info from flashes.
Looks lucky to me
Head dink or dinked is a call out to let your team k so you headshot someone. Aim punch is what happens when you get headshot and not killed
definitely not throwing on ascent. Kinda is throwing on breeze but also it's ranked comfort > comp in ranked always
Because I told a person not to go solo and die with spike
mine is currently "Bark for Smokes". I have gotten a lot of barking and a few meows, it's great
It's only local sound. Enemies can't hear it. I asked that myself too at the beginning.
only 48 hours? nahhh fam kill the sub until reddit plays nice.
10 mans isn’t two groups of 5 going against each other. 10 mans is 10 random people put into a custom game where you know everyone will try and everyone will have a mic.
It's not a bad song , but isn't really hype either.
ya it’s called being inconsistent
For me it’s reaver
It really depends on what you're trying to compare with. If you're comparing yourself to the average Valorant player, it is considered a high elo rank. If you compare yourself to players that truly put the time and effort in the game, it's more like mid-elo, something like a middle ground between low and high elo. In my opinion, true high elo (the low end of high elo\*) begins around Ascendant 2-3.

All things considered, you probably shouldn't compare yourself to other ranks/players, but to how good you were "yesterday". So as long as you keep playing the game and sprikle a bit of improvement approaches, you should do just fine.
Zeta twice and c9 erasure lmao
Just go buy one bruh. I bought 3 for fortnite
vct
my hundreds of hours on neon will finally pay off
youre asking this to feel comfortable around other women. theyre asking this to either flirt or harass girls for being bad
I'll simplify what everyone else is saying. 

If the round would normally end then no you cannot use the res
always request before giving to randoms
Pistol shouldn't give you two free rounds but it should guarantee you win round 2 and always rifle round 4.

If you win rounds 1-3 the enemy team has practically lost the first half, the damage to eco means they don't have another realistic chance at a win until round 5.
what ive learn from overwatch designs, creating heroes (agents in this case) to counter a specific hero and/or playstyle will never not be ass
I think the abilities will be time based, like a rewind type deal with the revive
this left me speechless
the fact you guys still exist is crazy on it's own level. jesus...
It's small, powerful, I never lose it, I always have it and a cool french man is wielding it
That Kayo has no friends wtf
You should ask if he means play on my contact or i'll play on your contact. Probably the first but who knows? Nobody really says "contact me".
Yeah, he had blind enemies there, but normally that would get him killed. So many people are compulsive reloaders lol
In cinematics he is shown as pretty careless so it checks out
cypher is on 17 ping
It's because mmr is dog shit. MMR not only for Valorant but any competitive FPS game. It's a flawed system that should've never become the norm.
Phantom until I dink someone then switch to vandal and then miss an easy headshot and resort to body spray and die anyway so switch back to phantom. Rinse and repeat
A 10% discount would break the economy a vandal would be 2600 a bulldog would make the spectre obsolete the Odin would cost as much as a vandal without the discount it’d be a mess
If your in a 5stack, other teams will also be in a 5stack. 5stacks in general dont have a range of rank needed to play together. So the game decided that somewhere between your team was worth the one ascendent+4 other players
Radiant doesn’t even matter bc ranked vs the pro scene is so different. Join a team, play scrims, play 10 mans. You are prob not gonna be going straight into the mainstream T1 series. There are even college teams that you could play for after you graduate. But mainly you’re gonna need publicity and to do networking. Good luck ᵕ̈
Unlike sheriff, this one can headshot from any range like a guardian.
silver is forced to have aim this good. the ridiculous amount of smurfs has turned silver into Gold pt.0.5 with roughly half of the people actually playing the way you’d expect silvers to play and the other half rivaling plat/ diamond lobbies in terms of mechanics
I miss the old Sage, but I’d be ok with at least 50 for self healing
Send a really nice support ticket asking for 5 VP and they'll give it
💥🏃‍♀️💥🏃‍♀️
Inspect, and the weapon reload / equip are. Finisher is not, even though it really should be (moved to before the Sci-Fi teir design switch, with the base colour made into a sandy yellow). But this is a small indy company Riot, and even paying over $100 for the 4 guns is not enough for them to fix the [presumably] technical limitation.
As someone who has played both at a very high level  (global/esea-advanced and Radiant), I will always find Valorant to be a more enjoyable game just because the anti-cheat is just miles better.
I feel like you're mad, but my brain is too mushy to understand what this even means.
Im Imm3 and one thing I’ve learned is this.

Is it easier to hit a moving target or one that’s still or shift walking??

The 2nd option right? 

Now this all comes with time, confidence and skill but when you swing a corner fast and in a direction the enemy isn’t expecting right away, that makes it hard for them to insta kill you.

This gives you time to get a good crosshair placement so when you stop, more likely than not, the guy on site hasn’t moved and you can easily kill them.

When you see people just running in “not scared” they are much harder to hit. Now this isn’t always the case and isn’t always the best thing to do. Like for instance you may wanna slow peak a certain corner then wide swing/fast another angle.

But nevertheless you shouldn’t be entry as a KJ but you definitely may need to clear corners if the duelists are dead etc.

All in all, a lot of this just comes with practice and lots and lots of hours. If I play in low lobbies I get called a hacker all the time because I know where people should be holding so I wide swing and one tap them.

One more thing that can help is DM, and never walk, always take every fight you can with multiple people and start thinking “ok where do I need to be to only be exposed to one angle” 

After time you will naturally be fighting someone, hear noise elsewhere and position yourself properly to only take one fight at a time
Certainly. Sometimes you get unlucky with first bullet inaccuracy and people say that's shit hitreg lol
I play mostly unrated these days and regularly play against former radiants with buddies from similarly early act/episodes, and frankly I can’t even tell which person it is most of the time.
because i'm a hater and the guy's a fraud
Every time I die I try to think of what I could’ve done differently. Same goes for losing a round/match. However, this only does so much when every night I play I have at least 2 games where 1 or more people throw 💀.
Permanent destruction would be too unbalanced

 I think headshots and concussive effects should knock them off and fling them nearby to crawl around for like scooby doo.
It's impossible to be playing Chamber and not clutch with style, great clip!
Fr lmao, it's like some people want Riot to just hit randomise on the agents every patch
🔥👏

It would be 🔥🔥 👏👏 without the reloads.
very well worded. i’ve watched plenty of people on cypher cams just randomly walk into traps and stand their stupidly but the second they see someone do a flick and headshot. skill vs game sense is entirely different especially in taking gunfights
Yes. I'm a woman. Teammates dislike that. Need I say more?
You rush your shot too much. Try to only fire once the crosshair is on the enemy
Treat ranked as “funny number go up or down”. It’s not that deep.
Hello fellow cypher.

There’s a low key powerful way to play cypher where if you can successfully activate a cam without enemies hearing it and just watch without exiting (often as defender before enemies hit a site), you just idly sit in cam mode rest of the round and get an insane amount of free intel for your team.

IMO not as powerful and commonplace as riot thinks it is though. My concern is if there’s an audio range to this change or if it’s based on if the camera is looking at you.

A good camera should be rewarded😶
I would turn it off. But not because it's semi-cheating/aim assist, but because in the long run won't help you win more games due to the speed of valorant and the vertical adjustments you will need to make at the higher ranks.
How would they tell if they're a smurf? How does any system know if there's a smurf? I'm not quite well versed about it
So the meta have to change. Play double controller or double sentinel and you are good to go on breeze.
As a fellow Breach main whilst it is unfortunate he has no information gathering, I do believe it is a necessary evil for balancing
What is dma?
Its said that to this day, the low elo community is still wrecked by the wicked tricks of Odin, for they have not figured out how to use smokes, flashes, barriers, decoys, crowd control, or intel...
its really fun to watch forsaken from PRX, i like his style. lately i also like watching yetujey from FUT
In csgo it was funnier, you could vote kick the shitter and take control of his body

Good ol days.. if someone was griefing or a boosted shitter, atleast you could kick and have a chance.
if people dont have statistics for that just assume theyre pulling it out their ass. its def growing.
Friend who doesn't play often misheard KAY/O saying "No one wants to play." after Chamber's  "You want to play? Let's play."
*"Sage, the life you give, do you ever wonder where it's taken from?"*
Focus mode is on console only, it's makes your sens low when you enter it but with some guns it alt fires when it's active
i thought the same when i read the title lol
Do you know what also changed colour?
Nice work!! Please do more! 😊
apart from all the guessing games, smoke for ffs. Your team needs the smoke for upper or link
No. Deadlock isnt that good as an agent itself and having one slightly good ability is not bad either.

And the ability isnt broken. Don't try to break the wall with pistols, either play around it like you'd do a sage wall.
This happened to me too! After I died I wasn't able to use the smoke ability
Why does she keep giving me mixed signals even though I've hinted multiple times that if you wanna make a move on me I'm 101℅ available. 

And no, I cannot make a move on her myself because she is a really good friend of mine and I don't wanna ruin our friendship by taking some false signals and confessing my mega crush on her.
Is this Ascent?
If you afk in team game modes, you can get ranked penalties. the only game mode this doesn’t matter in is deathmatch since you’re not affecting a team. It’s frustrating as hell but that’s how it is. Maybe have the kid play DM instead of TDM.
Because it tilts people.  Really, you don’t know this?
That feeling when you have jump bound to scroll wheel, so you can't float
Nah I get you it gets annoying when you buy a skin for someone once and now all of the sudden 3 people treat you like a vending machine at the start of every single round.
Whoa, you still won despite one player throwing to derank? Now that's something I can respect.
Imagine having a controller player on your team holy shit lol
Nah don't be sorry. If they flame you and you mute them, its not on you its on them. Valorant is supposed to be fun. Too many people play ranked thinking they're gonna go pro.
Cryostasis vandal, havent seen it in a while, imo its underrated, and its the only skin that im going to buy.
damn I really thought they'd add a premium outlaw skin finally
Thank you for setting me back on the right path, I was \*this\* close to touching grass
Op didn't hit you, raze spam through screen tagged you once the same time the op bullet tracer went across your screen making it look like it hit you but Cypher missed.
Why don't NBA players just use lineups? Are they stupid?
Enemy Yoru moment
I agree, it’s not even particularly strong/broken. Reyna heals and even cloves 100 stim/overheal feel stronger to me in many if not most situations.
Yep.

Judge is OP until you use it.

Operator is OP until you use it.

Odin is OP until you use it.

etc...
Sounds like fracture and Breeze boutta have a baby.
I would give you my neo frontier for a Kuronami sheriff. Hope it drops in your shop or your night market!
this is like a month old **fanart** from a contest the official valorant china held. it's not official art that exists ingame.

sidenote, there was also a controversy surrounding this where the artist copied art from another artist and put it in his. it's the second "photo" from the upper left side.
I love horizontal videos converted to vertical and then posted horizontally
There will be a new map coming, to be unveiled in Master's Shanghai.
i guarantee you this guy loves watching valorant tik tok edits. you can tell by the motion blur and atrocious vfx selection
Yeah, makes sense. It's a bit odd how they sort it currently and not intuitive, which means for a 4s screen, you struggle even more to find the info you're looking for in the short period of time.
Only a matter of time until skye can summon Mahoraga
Tell him you are broke and the new bundle is about to come out
Seems like riot is a small indie company with only a couple devs
Actual reason? Lore.

The funnier reason? Riot can't count. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
The beta literally just came out. What are you talking about
It is if you activate it with more than 11 HP.
\#RemoveTheMapPool
Every day You're not getting help is making it worse.

Talk to your parents. They are on your side. They'll help you.

Good luck bro. I'm rooting for you
Playing deathmatch in Val to win is serial killer behavior I won’t lie
Highly unlikely.  They might adjust it so Smurfs climb a bit faster, which is effectively nothing.
It’s not luck. You’re just new and you’re gonna suck for quite a while. Your KD pretty meaningless because even the lowest tier iron player could drop a 30+ kill game.

Go to the range, shoot all the guns a lot. Try them at different ranges, feel how they tap fire, feel how they spray. Start learning the economy of the game. Look up beginners guides. Pretty much everyone will recommend watching woohoojin (for good reason).


Since you’re new I would recommend spending a lot of time in deathmatch and spike rush to learn the mechanics and abilities. It’s a bit too soon to learn all of the intricacies of movement and taking the best fights. For now, just learn the basics.
Not immo yet but then main thing I've noticed as I climbed is that skill and tendency to get butthurt increase together as the rank gets higher
God's this is what all those annoying ass rank posts feel like 

Like brother man smurfs are annoying but hardly stop you from ranking, and sure as shit your team is usually as bad as theirs 99% of the time
Everyone takes option 5. Which is heart breaking when I play cypher. Because then all my teammates die on the other site while i’m anchoring my perfect set up that never gets triggered.
Slightly inaccurate title, my b. He's not cancelling the streams, but he is done playing ranked on them. He is instead going to be exclusively playing in-houses instead
My favorite is Pearl and I haven't played in it for a hot minute
Kuronami no Yaiba
Clove overheal works like Reyna's, where heals are permanent heal for the round and any surplus is temp health.
Account level means nothing. You can be lvl 8000 but still bronze.
Man I’m immortal and I didn’t even expect that lol, he got their quick af, especially with a neon sprinting
you cant heal decay because decay doesnt do damage

and you cant heal through damage so at 1 hp ofc you arent gonna heal
Agree on the classic because I need one too. Vandal and phantom I have a couple for each so I’m cool there. But I’d do anything for the Kuronami knife to come to my store! That’s like the one thing I really really want lol
How in the what did you pull that off?
Hits 1-5: Clearly missed.  
Hits 6-9: Missed due to recoil (bad spray control).  
Hits 10-11: Very close, but recoil and inaccuracy make these reasonable misses.  
Hit 12: Likely didn't actually register because you were already dead.
You might need to select all the levels of the upgrades. I think you may not have selected the corresponding upgrades while equipping.
Actually the stinger is crazy op right now for its cost.
I love following up that voice line with "Need a drop!"
Because most duelists don’t even entry for their team below diamond
I swear some people are beyond help...

>I really hate when people ask me for skins when I’m playing an agent that requires you to set up utilities before the game starts

This too... I play KJ a lot and on CT sometimes it can be a pain
That I actually don’t know but I assume it is because it behaves similar to how the radiants can control the other elements.
Inflation
- Best smoke. Highest number, easiest to use on the go
- Best blind for entry
- Farthest movement ability. Easy rotate, easy confusion maker
- Best ult. If your team decided to rush and failed with the spike

What else do you ask?
because thats not how you're supposed to use the molly. I thought it would be common sense to swing with the molly that \*checks note\* applies vulnerable.
using ult, dying with 0 ult points. spawn in, you’re one off ult. incredible efficiency
Everyone's saying which agents "use all their util every round" but a good player should use all the util on almost every agent... there's some exceptions (dismiss, omen tp sometimes etc) but generally you should use all the util over the course of the round
Bulldog's a great round 2 buy if you have the money for it. It's a much better gun to carry into a bonus round than the Marshall or the SMGs.
2800 credits + util (+600 if you want full shields) isnt really that easy to achieve. And half shield is a risky buy for second round, no shield is basically a free gun to the enemy.
30 year old female here.. never too old!
There is a hidden MMR in deathmatch as well, which is not as strict as in competitive matches. However, what I have read is that low elo players often find themselves facing full Platinum or Diamond lobbies, sometimes with a few Ascendant and Immortal players.
HUH?


HUH?


HUH?


HUH?


......


brain has stopped responding. Restart?




Restarting...


Unable to restart


HUH?
he’s invisible for the first 5 seconds after he tps
Both are controllers of duelist subtype. Omen resembles dive duelists like Jett more and Clove towards pew pew duelists like Iso
When you get to this rank, you need to win more games than you loose to even stay at the same RR. Every immortal player looses more RR than they win
Tbh there's still lots of aim assist even without focus mode,  if you go on practice mode and try to do a 360 in front of the bots you really notice how much it slows you down.
I think pro executes are extremely fast and coordinated, which means by the time ur picking up ur wire, they’ll have taken site and cleared you. I don’t know for sure though, maybe a sneaky cypher has got away with it in pro play. Nice clip though
That's every Jett or Reyna I play with tbh.
Sometimes I get nightmares about the double satchel ult jump in my sleep
People who are young usually buy or someone who spends a lot of time in the game. At the end just don’t buy a skin if you think it’s not reasonable. 

I put my money in CS and I can get at least 60%-80% of it back whenever I please
Very insightful comment 👍
Yeah i'm very confused on this, patch cycles are generally in the middle of the night (like 4am - 7am) but that means her release would be the 27th and not 26th as they themselves announced since she isn't released yet
To add onto this, Harbors cove ability will hold the door open if placed on it.
I had an old teammate who had a hearing disability.  He got to immortal.  There has been at least one T2 pro with a hearing issue, maybe more.  It’s not a huge deal if you use what you’ve got well.
This is absolutely the case. I used to play Apex Legends, Titanfall 2, Cod (since BO2), and have to undo 10 years of learning to strafe or move when shooting. It's been rough😭
All I got were shitty color change skins, not a single nice skin with a model change or unlockables. Not even a single knife skin either.
Actually I played that game and it was pretty boring. Valorant is the only game I feel this way with lmfao
This is exactly why I go to reddit for answers!
"Chamber I would rather drink my own poison" 

\- Viper after Chamber tried to ask her out lol
I feel compelled to tell you that I skipped over your entire essay and came to the comments to complain about how this is so long without reading a single bit. Thanks
- Joey from 5th grade
Equipment absolutely matters. I don’t think lagging in the first round is a big big deal but FPS is a game changer. 60 fps is considered the minimum in pc gaming but when I changed to 128 holy shit it made a difference.

Valorant doesn’t require that expensive of a PC to get high FPS numbers so if you’re really committed, maybe try to save for a better PC and monitor
I Imagine Neon as shortest, and Sova or Brim as tallest for some reason.
Been only playing for a short time, but it seems like the radianite is so obscenely priced in order to sell battle passes. 

I mean the price for radianite, which is just a way to upgrade skins you've already paid for, is ridiculous. Yet it's giving out like candy in the BP. I think riot figured out that giving radianite a ludicrous price makes the BP "worth more", so more people buy it
KJ took rope across. You see her head just as you push out from center pillar.
Leave the agent select and say why you did it - It's better to take the time out than the loss.
Average radiant console player:
I saw a yoru do this once and was very confused on how he was consistently on the high ground. He was a very good sport about me calling him a witch
Why don't pro basketball players use lineups? Are they dumb?
\+1 yes this seems to be the main cause  
some VP topup services are also malfunctioning
Raidboss Kay/o
I was definitely a bit unhappy while I was on this streak, but looking back, I just find it funny more than anything. I wasn't really grinding games; these losses were spread out over maybe 3 weeks or so. Honestly, it's kind of liberating in a way. If I can lose this many games and still be more or less fine, who cares if I lose two or three games in one night here and there, right? 

Although I think I should definitely stop trying to convince myself I'm a flex player, lol. The character crisis I was having wasn't helping things.
It’s gotta be good smokes 

Like a brimstone that smokes crispy on the edge of angles and has lineups plus aim

If I have good smokes then I literally throw myself into site every time and be bait don’t even have to com to them they just know what they’re doing
This. They took it out, changed it, put it back, we had it for like 1 month and then it said peace out again ;-;
The term "boosted allegations" is so fucking funny for some reason
GOOD JOB, GOOD
Valorant is no where near character dependent as League of Legends.
Can you link your trackers because you could be the new Demon1 if you hit immortal in less than 250 hours lol...
Phoenix: "Hey Omen, I respect a guy who knits. That's pretty cute."

Omen: "It helps me focus. Oh, what do you care...!"
Dam I didnt get that at all from the cinematic. Here I thought Omen and Viper were Scientists and Co Workers. 

The Iso theory makes sense. I wonder what The Boss meant by Omen turning into "them". Radiants?
Wdym u just realized how slow are you
There’s a woman’s only valorant discord called galorants. Finding a good 5 stack or trio to play in makes the game much less stressful
600 FPS wow
Vipers still good on icebox and breeze and then you should probably learn omen for every other map if you want to only play smokes
aimbot phantom fr
Probably I am the worst initiator.
reyna is the most competently designed agent in this game. There are ABSOLUTELY NO fundamental problems with her, at all. 

source: trust me bro
He built his community mostly through YouTube. He used to get around 2300 viewers average. Now every time I see him go live he has less than 200. Legitimately 90% viewer loss. Monumental crash out
Its not an image, its a 3d space they load the models in, and they probably don’t think spending the time to model background space for all maps is worth the effort and storage space
Shoot their head
As someone who has never watched Valorant content or esports, I'm very glad I've never heard these call outs in my games because I would have no idea what it means, lol
clove pick me up +100$ and they think clove will become more controller  
nah, now clove will buy 200$ pick me up over 1 extra smoke if they not have enough money

pistol round clove can buy ghost+c+smoke  
congratz, now most clove will buy ghost+c and only have 1 smoke
I join my raze, yoru and cypher and i will be so unpredictable that i will either:
-troll and fuck your rank
-troll and carry, giving you the best time of your life to die of laughter because of the enemy rage

So yes, we have transcended, thank you for acknoleging that.
Ngl, it'd be kinda weird if you made a fracture lineup for Viper on some other map. Good work though.
im pretty sure he just ran knife out at me when the walls were still up. so when the walls went down he was much closer to me than i expected, i panick sprayed and whiffed. yeah thats about it
ain't no sheriff match for that classic lol
"Ayo anyone see me 1 tap the Clove???"
You just dont know how the game works lol
“Mama Mia! Initiating a-lockdown!”
In Episode 1, ACT 1 I was a Duelist main.  

It seemed like every time I was on Attack, I would entry and just die alone.  If I waited for my team, we would just sit at choke for the entire round.  

Instead of just blaming my teammates, I thought "if I have to entry alone, who would be really good at that?" 

I came to the conclusion that Sova would work really well because I could get info on where the enemy was/wasn't.  If the entire right side of site is clear, then I could enter site aiming towards the left side (thats the basic idea anyway).  

So I learned some line ups and it worked out amazingly well.  I knew where to aim when entering site and had a lot more success.  I also didn't have to entry alone anymore because when the recon reveals someone, it triggers that killer instinct in my duelists to push site and kill them.  So now my team enters site together and we easily get spike down.  

So ever since the first episode, I've been really into the initiator role and the idea of clearing corners and gaining info.  

Still to this day, if I get a team thats too scared to entry, I can take on that role pretty confidently.  And usually my team gets more confident as the round goes on (unless the skill difference is so vast that its just one of those games lol).
It seems they only made changes to Mid and B Main. I don't mind the mid changes (the window seems a little weird to me though), but no A site changes are insane. Hitting A site is the exact same, and postplant is still too OP with belt, jail, and attacker's nest IMO
Even her theme is half baked. Every agent has abilities that fit a specific theme. I thought she was gonna be a sound based agent. It's even in one of her voice lines. But then it's just one of her abilities. Then it's the nano fibre theme which isn't that impactful (writing-wise). She definitely got the step treatment from the devs.
hongkong server  
PROS: they have mics (which means they can comm and which also means they'll nitpick everything you do while playing)  
very competitive, they always want to win  
CONS: if team is tilted, get ready for a shitshow (the more tilted the more trash-talk from YOUR team + enemy team)

singapore server  
PROS: also very competitive, if you want to play with very good players this is your server  
CONS: usually no mics so no comms

tokyo server  
PROS: the least toxic out of all the servers, they're more friendly than the rest  
CONS: no mics usually or if they have mics, you don't understand half of what they're saying (they can comm locations tho but no tactics before the round starts)

mumbai server  
PROS: they have mics THAT ARE LOUD AND SOUNDS LIKE THEYRE COMMING THROUGH A MICROWAVE  
CONS: the lag is real

PS. im in the US and playing in AP servers always-- these are my takes and my experiences ehehe
what does it mean to isolate a 1v1? this is the main piece of advice you hear but i never get an explanation
I hate lotus a site so much especially on defense i just feel like i dont know what to do
Or "Auf Wiedersehen" which means goodbye in german
5 man rushing a site
It’s a cool thing for a lot of people. It means nothing as well to a lot of people, just like any other pieces of lore. But the people complaining and saying they don’t care are not the actually the people that don’t care lol.
[deleted]
overall headshot rate doesnt matter too much. It depends on the gun rlly. like if you op a lot ur overall will be pretty low. on another note good shit man, Ascendant is a pretty good rank!
This is unfortunately me actually trying at the time, If you wanna watch the full thing you can watch it here [https://youtu.be/f7Q4kEsu3cc](https://youtu.be/f7Q4kEsu3cc) just more meme clips put together in a short video.
What if omen gained the ability to blind all the opponents in real life permanently
People telling low elo player to just play any duelist are trolls. 

However, the idea with telling to lock Reyna specifically is to build on their fundamentals. Since the only peice of reynas kit that can be used before a kill is her flash, low elo players will be forced to get better at gunfights. I only play Yoru and when I first started i would constantly get killed with my util out and have bad gun fights in general. If I had to go back and relearn valorant, I would totally play Reyna until I had confidence in my fundamentals.
Thank you! That makes a lot of sense ☺️
Do we know if he's a radiant or just a nerd?
Imagine there is a secret rank for the best player in world but riot just kidnaps them
it has to be yaboidre
it's obvious watching his gameplay he's not radiant lol
Riot might want to listen to this one.
So does riot
The death penalty is good, actually
they did not have to do all that 😭
I mained sova because “chuck dart”
unbinded W, now I'm a crab. instructions unclear.
It’s crazy how these kinds of scams still work, with entire generations growing up on the internet…
had 5 duelists on breeze, thats the only game out of 9 breeze games i played that i won-
valorant’s lore for example shows their world more
It just feels right. Imo spectre is better than stinger. The main reason I love it is I used to grind with the mp5 back in CSGO and spectre is the valorant version. Spraying feels so good with it, it's, like ASMR with the suppressor.
I have had many top fragger who do more harm than good. Getting kills doesn't mean anything.

If I get 3k and die every round but bait 3 of my teammates that's not 3 for 1 that's 3 for 4 but the scoreboard won't show that. Just an eg.
Immortality
To be fair I was gold 2-3 last act and about to hit Plat 1. These placement matches had me going against peak diamond ascendant players and my stats looked horrible too. I ended in silver 1. The climb begins again
Is this actually the case? I couldn't find it listed in the patch notes. If so I don't really mind it, it's about time they updated the agent select screen. I think it's cool that you can filter by role, might be helpful for newer players. One thing that will probably annoy some people is that (once more agents are added) it looks like you'll have to scroll to pick an agent, instead of them being all on the screen at once.
Don't use the fps limiter in the game settings. Instead limit your fps through the Nvidia control panel. It'll also help in keeping your system cool since the limit is applied at driver level and your gpu just won't process more frames than required.
>buy after winning pistol please and fuck /u/spez 

the lack of a comma makes this perfection
I can't tell if you were making her have ultra gigantic boobs, or no boobs at all and a really fat stomach. Also the shoulders connect to the body in a really weird way, might want to work on that.

Please god learn anatomy, it'll help so much. 

(face/hair looks good for the most part, so good job there)

[Here's my take on fixing those issues](https://imgur.com/N8ONZji). Keep in mind, I'm not a 2d artist, I do 3d art but all of the same principles apply.
Cause it's a terrible addition to the map: 

A hallway that you have to 100% of the time have a player or utility holding because if you don't then you lose the round to being backstabbed except
1. You need deep util because if they get to the bottom of the hallway they're already behind you
2. It's the most boring position on the map for any player

So why not remove a really boring but stupidly strong part of the map? They should have gone the full distance and removed the see through bit too, it's not needed
Yeah, apparently so.
Invert every map for a day. You you thought you knew the angles? Bet
This is important.
and please start dodging icebox
This might be the most unintentionally funny comment I’ve ever seen
Auto-Piloting, mainly. I think i am doing quite well, but when I autopilot I go hyperaggressive goofball mode.

Fun? Yes. Effective? Hell no.
If you're playing deathmatch to try and win then yeah it sucks, if you're playing it to practice your mechanics then it's good enough
Being a full time streamer is also a lost less enjoyable when you have a big scandal that causes your viewer count to drop massively. Look I have nothing against him personally but you’re just being foolish to think that the controversy has NOTHING to do with him not wanting to stream full time anymore.
Yeah rule of thumb is util agents want to buy util, frag champs want ghost/other
Kids have been gunned down by the police for having BB guns and air soft guns. Your vandal (while it does look pretty badass) looks pretty real. Not trying to sound like a negative nancy but it does happen. Anyway, the cosplay is cool for what you have! Glad no one was hurt.
Zero to a hundred in one sentence.
The only thing I saw is the username😶
Hey at least he apologized
I bet he's gonna think about that match for quite a long time
So that’s why enemy clove smoked me while I was defusing
no tracers either
My choices:

1. Alt+f4 whatever

2. Omen. Good Controller utility, you still have one flash, and if you play him aggressive enough then it can act as a pseudo-Duelists

3. If the rest of the team wants to play seriously and not troll, I tell them in agent select: "the rule is that bottom frag is bomb bitch. If we're all duelists, we all wanna make space and get kills, so bot frag needs to do bomb stuff to compensate" which actually works sometimes LOL. Definitely goads them into getting into the mood too :P
Kuronami. Foresaken. Gaia’s.
Got it 3 times on 6 games, including 2 dodges… seems way higher to me as well
Our anticheat team will detect and ban these players.
1. Really focused on predicting enemy placement.  
2. Insanely accurate click timing. You'll often see RoyalG hit shots like Sarah when he holds angles. 

It's mostly about being cool-headed and staying ahead of the wave, and playing a shit ton of Floatshot in Aimlabs.
Kinda pathetic to intentionally be deceitful and act/feel superior
>Makes them feel really small and claustrophobic.

Yup, this was 100% my impression coming in as a CS player.

Haven is the map that feels the most like a CS map, everything other map does feel like one is being corralled into rat traps.
Twin walls.
OP is plat 1 with an 115 adr btw guys, he’s very informed don’t worry lol.
i was also super nervous about solo queue, im a girl so i’ve gotten my fair share of weirdness, but a thing that helped me was realising that i’m never gonna see or meet the people from my games ever, and that after the game is done, the interaction is done!! there may be times where you run into a teammate you’ve had before, but as long as they’re not toxic it’s all good. mental is a big part of it!! don’t worry too much about the toxic teammates. there will always be pricks, just ignore them and have fun!! you got this
100% deserved if anyone tries to cheese there way into controller lobbies needing to use kbm
Neon’s passive sprinting. Just fun to run around lol
I cast imagine playing something like Dead Space or any big story game with music in the background. It’s like listening to music while watching a movie.
What are you complaining about? All the best spy’s announce their position loudly and proudly /s
having/playing against someone who is VERY toxic. and not the usual “bottom frag stop talking” toxic. like someone who is deliberately trying to ruin someone’s day or week. it gets under my skin very easily.

or any odin user
Always buy a bulldog after winning pistol. It's better than the specter and you can still keep up with their rifles on round 3.
500 hour deadlock main here. This is standard and I’m quite sure it’s a feature, not a bug. 

In all seriousness, I do like when I can pull off an ult I know will get stuck and I’m in control of the encounter. Sometimes I can big brain it and bait the other survivor, but I mostly like doing it on purpose to get the ult orb back. 

But when I expect it to kill? Yeah, I get mad annoyed. Bind is notorious for stuck ults.
No shit dude.
valorant: global offensive
This has been known for long time, they were hiring devs for console and mobile port for a while now.
Phoenix with three lives 💀
Actually good advise, i kearned that too. Also sometimes i get asked the same and my thought process leading to that decision is too long to explain. Just say nt, ask next time ahead "can you do xy for me when i blabla " or what ever and move on is the Best to do tbh
I think they are building something with omen and his og form which stopped to exist when omen came into being.
No, but getting used to the sound also partially depends on how you hear it when you pick it up and use it.
Just yesterday, I was playing comp with my duo, I had a toxic Skye on my team. Initially he was fine and comming properly, if not overly backseating. But my aim was on the other side of the world and didn't help with him yelling while I'm aiming. I muted him in the second half and climbed till the second frag. I'm never listening to toxic players again.
i mean not every duelist's job is to "make space" its not so black and white

Only jett , raze , neon , yoru can objectively easily "entry" through a choke and go ahead of the team into the site with their movement util 

if you're phoenix , reyna , iso I don't expect you to take space (unless you're phoenix ulting) I expect you to trade and take fights and win them with your util (phoenix flash , reyna flash , iso shield) and get momentum to win the round  - issue with low elo is that you'll see lots of comps with Reyna + phoenix ,  iso + phoenix etc. where there's no proper movement duelist to get a team past a choke leading to the "stare at smoke" syndrome where everyone is stuck outside the choke and the duelists don't feel comfortable trying to entry as its basically suicide - you shouldn't blame your duelists for wanting to default/lurk/try mid in scenarios like this - its much better than walking into a site and getting insta-killed 

However yeah if you have a jett/raze doing this then they're playing their agent wrong but there is an off chance that they are not being setup properly by their team hence their anxiety to entry
people had been on him, Xijiping just put the nail in the coffin
I worked very hard for my iron buddy I must say
faster on enemy screen  
better wide swing when hug the wall
The guy LITERALL pulls you into another dimension for having 1 v 1 duel 


u/msi_rami : is he a duelist ?
wait clone can catch iso ult?
You mean by taking your time aiming before taking the shot?
Because you can put the cam in almost the exact same spot safely without needing to jump on that box from the hall. And also because it's in the open and can be shot immediately by the defenders
"How did every piece of trash end up on the same team?" - Yoru
If you’re new to the game you can make any agent work on any map. Team comps and meta agents are only really make or break once you get to the higher levels of play where people are coordinated and actually playing their agents correctly. So I’d say play whichever agent you resonate with and enjoy. You’ll be better on an agent you like to play and practice with then you will be on an agent that’s meta but you don’t really care to learn because you don’t enjoy their kit.

For meta agents for every role, I’d say the meta ones are:

- Duelist: Jett

- Recon Initiator: Sova

- Flash Initiator: Skye

- Controller: Omen

- Sentinel: Cypher

This is answering a question you didn’t ask, but if you are looking for agents that have a low skill floor (i.e., easy to learn and don’t require much prep) so you can get the hang of the game before branching out:

- Duelist: Reyna

- Initiator: Gekko

- Controller: Brimstone

- Sentinel: Sage
you shot before you stopped moving, and the bullet inaccuracy went to the skyes head, pretty lucky
EDG vs PRX- If Something is gonna play and assuming everyone is in top form, I give the edge to PRX. If CGRS is playing, I give EDG a puncher's chance to win the entire series

EDG vs FNC- after what I saw FNC do to NRG on Bind (the best Bind team in Americas), I give EDG a 10% chance of winning a map  against FNC. FNC is just so deep, they have strats, set plays, mid rounding is awesome, and their worst aimer is Boaster, who isn't that bad. FNC is honestly loaded, and I'd definitely be surprised if they lose. But I'd love to be proven wrong. I wanna see a Cinderella story, and EDG is just a team you can keep rooting for
is it not?
It's not that you're bad at this game, you're bad at using the mouse and hand-eye coordination. It has nothing to do with the game.

You clicked before your crosshair is even on the person. You have trouble tracking targets. You didn't even pulldown when you see your crosshair went up.
Trip change is deserved, and well done imo, but what is the spy cam thing?? Who is out there complaining that cypher is watching them? Especially when the cam already has sound queues for when its opened and closed.
all smoke agents. Omen/Viper/Harbor every map
Assuming this post isnt a troll, you should stop telling everyone (especially yourself) that you're a bad aimer. If panicking is the issue then the best way to fix that imo is just by playing more. The more reps of similar stake situation you get, the better the nerves are. Also doing bots a couple times per day can do wonders if your aim was as bad as mine was.
Bring back old chamber teleport!
Steal new BFs pc then download some cheats get him banned for 100 years now your back with ur duo ez gg uwu
bro really said "it's high noon"
I think this is not really necessary. Per agent skins is more necessary but I’m honestly okay with the current shuffle system.
No one has mentioned AverageJonas and his huge, fragile ego so I’ll say it here
Knives are weapons too! 

Source: am British.
LOL. I’m excited to instalock then realize no one plays smokes enough to wanna beat me to this anyways.

No one was dying to beat me to Astra and it was the same for Harbor lol
I have the beta banner, I played beta and then barely played until like 3 months ago. I’m in platinum and people are always roasting me for “playing since beta and being hard stuck” it doesn’t bother me, but people do notice the card
Goodbye Breeze, welcome back Haven
all my life luck gone in a matter of seconds 😔
NO, dont you dare take MY cypher
Lore wise probably team purple due to Reyna, but in-game I’d say team green is brutal with all that utility
bliblablub aside, the last two kills are preeeettyy 🌟
Phoenix and Yoru would literally feel like going up against a god.
Can't wait for my teammates to throw by jumping off a cliff on purpose.
Just play and get free win, don’t sabotage the other guys in the team
I gave a comm one garage “stop back seating”
I absolutely can not tell if this is legitimate or not.
or even 5', she just radiates short gremlin high schooler vibes
He is gonna catch frauds good. Wait...
Almost had nothing to do with Kay-o lol and then sage holding that wide angle against two flashers and you threw the right click deep enough to be dodged… which they didn’t lol
All the maps were available until 2023 end in swift and spike, pearl/fracture wasn't in competitive but I played them in swift/spike starting with Episode 8 they removed out of queue maps. Because of this even spike rush has become boring.
I hope the blades don't make your guns longer. That would be terrible.
I'm glad you included the full buy phase in the clip. Important context.
Iso's kit facilitates creating and then winning 1v1 opportunities. Don't let him

For his shield I always try to break it with my classic before switching back to my rifle
Im worse than a 65 year old mom
Why you think he is always in his ipad
I had a guy yesterday who over and over would hit two headshots straight in a row and then the rest of the round was absolutely terrible, also the game before that there was a guy who didn't have aimhacks but was definitely using walls, shooting through smokes and while blind, as well as knowing exactly where everybody was when swinging.
Neat bundle but assuming  that when the skins aren’t upgraded to the last stage probs 5th stage they remain looking like old western skins  after which transforming into the sci-fi version.  This bundle will probably go in my wants rather than need personally hehe but damn if it has a purple variant I just might get it
If I had her biceps, I'd be the most obnoxious person you'd know.
Also "how did every piece of trash end up on the same team"
There is so much yay hate going on in the community and I am not a fan of it
Disappointed that you didn't use Stinger
What is this?
Absolutely agree, but you will always get some games with no comms. I recommend to take it as an opportunity to build on game sense. Specifically playing off of your teammates utils and angles they are holding or clearing, or adding your utils to help them to do so. Some of this you can “easily” do with no comms, just game sense. I put easily in quotes as you need the game sense part lol. the minimap is extremely important in this - knowing what angles your team has cleared and what they have seen, and where they will go next, and where the enemy will possibly be (and when - I.e timing)

Example: you are omen - sometimes you can use the blind for yourself and do an agro tp , but sometimes you can blind ahead of your duelist and where they are about to take a fight around a corner, and guarantee their 1v1. I’m a big fan of doing this as omen, and love seeing the blind hit a common defence/retake location as my duelist pushes it and then they get an easy kill (same on defence, can throw a blind at where enemy will push someone from your team, and give them a free kill or 2 (i.e. anticipating where the enemy will be and when from what your teammates show in the minimap). Funny enough I get a random comm out of the blue sometimes from them when there has been no comms before thanking me for blind . This is one small example for one agent in certain scenarios.

The same can be said in general for any agent, that is know how you use your util to help your teammates where possible, and also know what they can do with their agent/util and play off it.
i’ve played valorant for 4 years and i’m diamond 1
Just raw dog straight to comp without protection, then shoot my teammates' heads during the pre-round.
man i was so hyped for this pack. had the vp stored for like 2 month only to get fucking depressed when i saw how shitty the animations were. the vandal at least is fucking top tier i'm glad i got it.
It's very high, but PRX f0rsakeN is one of the best in the world and is known for his absurdly high sens, 800 dpi 0.712 I believe? That's even higher than yours
For the general public (and I mention that because there are some Immortals who will wank in your face about having 60 fps and still being good), yes fps matters sizably. 

120-144 is like a baseline for “decent gameplay.” My upgrade took me from Gold to Diamond in a month, so do with that what you will.
Imo there's no way they don't go with a phantom or a vandal because that maximizes profit. Those two guns are the most used guns out of the entire lineup and players are more inclined to buy skins of guns the use most.
now riot is going to start selling “ult finishers” for any agent that can kill with an ult and charge 40 bucks a piece and sell each agent’s individually 🥲
Nah, report, mute and move on. They ban well on hate speech.
Is it really that deep?
My first thought as well 😂
Lil bro wants to play with big bro. As a bro with a bad relationship with my big bro you should be a good big bro and play with ur lil bro.
Less cheaters is one…
Valorant is my first fps game ever too and I started playing just around at the end of last year that is December.

 It's not that difficult, it might take a bit of time to get the hang of the game mechanics and everything. Get yourself a nice crosshair. Watch some YouTube videos about crosshair placement, game sense etc.

Also, find the perfect aim sensitivity for yourself. It will help you a lot.
First line says it all, 130 hours is absolutely nothing at all, be patient and stop comparing yourselves to others
High K/d, low winrate reeks of bait fragging. This season you're not even fragging out though - 2 first bloods/game, 150adr, 1.25 K/d is all pretty meh stats for a duelist main.
The person was a Jett so I guess that would make sense. Glad i gave it back then!
Yes exactly!!
hes like the reyna of sentinels i guess, doesn't really add much value to the team since hes more of a aim agent and his trip is kinda mid
All the agents are fun to play. Even ones that I didn't think would be fun at first glance turn out to be pretty fun when you do play it. The game is so dynamic and everytime you play a new agent it's like you're rediscovering the game.
Nao peekang!
High elo = anyone above me
Pisslo = anyone beneath me
I have a friend that plays on 4500 dpi and 1.0 sens. It drives me crazy lol and I beg him to turn it down
Both the night market and the store need a rework. We have so many bundles in the game now and we only get 4 items in the store/6 in the night market now. The chance of getting the skin you want for the gun you want is extremely low. I would personally dish out way more money to riot if I could get the skins I want on demand, it's not like I am going to spend money on skins I don't like.
You got read, either accept it or don't respond lmao.
Because I like it and it’s cheaper than a night out at the pub. I’ve been playing 2-3 games a day since beta, I’ve definitely gotten my return. If anything the money versus time spent on valorant beats any game I’ve ever purchased lol.
SEN DnudeZ was the funniest name I've ever seen ingame. I think it was last week.
She’s a noob stomp character. You’re going to see her constantly until you start ranking up.
The biggest thing after mechanics is anticipating the swing. They “lock in” and are ready to kill. If you ever watch Eggster, you will visually see him “lock in” when he’s taking a gunfight. His head literally tilts down and you see less of his face on the face cam because he’s focusing.
Unrated I kinda get but the arcade/casual modes like swiftplay spike rush escalation etc should 100% have all maps available
Well the better you get, the higher skill lobbies you'll be placed in. on top of that, the community as a whole is continuously getting better and raising the skill ceiling as well
Yes, ability inspects would be cool.
so, I need to think that an enemy will be there when I peek? Anyway, thank you!
Brother, now is the case of just not opening Valorant Tracker and just playing, espically when u do worse then bronze 1s
Chamber’s is pretty good too. It shows his sniping his own business card. Deadlock and Gekko also have good animations too.
Being a fake yoru clone in 2 consecutive rounds
That guy who defended you and made valid points is smart. The fact he realize without ur smokes it was gg. Good for him
Lovin it too, as I play viper a lot this season with breeze and icebox
I’m still debating whether squirtle should be the one running or the blue one flying because he’s blue
The game allows you for more creative teams, the problem is, most of the time you don't have a functional team and that's where Reyna excels.
All the people saying "because proplay" need to realize you shouldn't make a game shittier because of 50 people playing on a stage.
I wouldn’t say regularly, but every once in a while I’ll queue with familiar people. It’s more common in Radiant that you know/have played with the same people many times
just unlucky
I recently got downvoted for saying that Riot doesn't care as long as they keep making money
“Oh, yet another raze uploading a nade throw penta on lotus A… oh …. OH DAYUM”
In the full clip I ulted and died again -5000 aura
Blame the parents. If those kids would grow up in a healthy environment, they wouldn‘t cross your way.  But obviously they have parents that don’t care at all.
maybe you could get like a haptic feedback device that makes you feel where the sound ingame is coming from. although i think those things get pretty expensive
It seriously is as simple as just aiming higher. Break the habit. Good crosshair placement helps. It’s a matter of saying to urself “oh I shot to low again, need to fix that” proceeded by actually using ur brain and ur fingers to fix it. 

May take some time, habits are hard to change after all
That was my favourite "Whadafakman" clip ever.
Bring back replication

Now with the cypher buff, pushing any site would be a nightmare with 4 trips on each site
a warm up comp game
Yeah idk what he had for breakfast but I’m glad he was on my team. We had some good synergy
Skye heal is worse in practice. You have to sit there vulnerable and hope to god that you’re teammates protect you
Probably consistent Diamond area? Maybe D3 peak? You W A and W D peek waaaayyyy too much, a bad habit that will get you completely drilled in A2 and onwards lol
You had to grind hard for the first 2 bp. Just a few people wanted to grind out the hivemind, and the kingdom set
Once you reach immortal, you have completed Valorant's tutorial..  
Now you actually start to learn the game and gain experience.
This makes so much more sense
But that's just a theory, a game theory!
I recommend sova for beginners 
“These edibles aint shi-“
EW it looks more cluttered
Playing each agent really helped put it in perspective.

Tried neon, couldn’t use her dash well for the life of me. I know she’s annoying to play against, but after playing as her I feel like killing someone with your dash is a skill diff in its own way. 

Iso on the other hand… I was literally just running and gunning down site getting 3Ks. Fucking devious. But then next game I got paired against folks 2 whole rank tiers above me and it stopped working.
When you think of Heaven, you look upwards. Hell you look down. I'm sure that's how it originated.
Oh it's absolutely what they're doing lol.


Valorant has one of the most blatent facing smurfing issues I've seen and they don't do anything lmao.
I can see that breach flair (honestly is one of my initiator picks too)
Exactly what I’m thinking
Kayo footsteps are unique and can be heard by enemies 💀
I hate Sunset because it shows how much they need to legitimately patch Cypher. He’s literally placing his cage in the middle of walls, and his tripwire goes on angles it really shouldn’t.
mfw i tp onto tube for the 8th round in a row and get shot for the 7th round in a row (it worked the first time, itll work again eventually)
random Sova dart comes out of no where and scans me 

**"NO WHERE TO RUN"**
The reasoning in the comments still feels like a bug. Imagine any other projectile doing that and going in the direction where you first pulled it out. It wouldn't make any sense.
Sunset isn't that bad. It's a bit... weird, but I don't think that's necessarily a negative.

Breeze is a trillion times worse imo.
Thats how tac shooters work. Cs has had this since the 90s
They would make millions in an instant if they just let us buy whatever we wanted temporarily
Play for your positioning. If you're gonna play a long angle this round, grab vandal. If you're gonna play close, grab phantom.
The only thing I hate on London servers are the French
Imo the cage's are way too cheap. Other than that I'm okay, he's been in a rough spot for a while.
nah the rank you have is the rank you deserve. get out of iron if you think this gameplay sucks
classical reyna mains, can aim but cant properly record on their pc
I’m ascendant and istg lineup Larry’s annoy me a ton since most of them tend to go plant spike hide in a corner then let the entire team die fail their lineup or send it too late and get pushed this still happens even if they send the lineup in time
WELCOME TO ELO HELL, MUTHAFUCKA!
Omen was fighting for his life in vc after that whiff
My main problem with it is that it's just too big. Many of agents abilities just don't make any sense on this map. Stuns, nades, kj swarms and many other just don't work at all. People just move aside because the space is so wide. If they found a way to make it smaller, then I think it would be good. Mid is nice in my opinion, but the sites are just too big
Obviously don’t bait like crazy, but you can control swing rounds by being one of the last people alive and winning.
My head just spun around 3 times trying to read this
Reyna is the Draven of Valorant :D
>They repeak angles

No, they re-peek angles
Yeah, valorant is great for that. Where else am i gonna hold a rifle with perfectly done nails?
You must be low elo then. If Reyna puts her blind low/high, it's ruins the crosshair placement and provides more than enough time for a competent player to kill. I don't think the blind is op either, but your reasoning is trash.
Brother do u even play
nah, that’s the “on my way” voice line, which you can still use
That’s the reason for focus mode, no?

So you can have a quick hip sens while still having a slow and precise sens
What if riot just brought pearl back to competitive
It's all because of u/constant_stock_6020
Riot commented on the post, it is a bug.
My dad left a while ago to grab milk, when does he get back?
crosshair placement
I actually started doing this in my low iron lobbies and i hit immortal after 2 games!
A smoke that does entry is Brim. The general rule is if you don’t have a rechargeable signature, you’re entry.
Yes


It's just not fun to play
With skin bundles costing 40-80usd they should have this things sort out. I'm sure they have the money to pay enough people to fix stuff.
bet its gonna be absolutely broken on release and then get nerfed hard
googling tips for becoming valorant in valorant and watching valorant valorant strats is a riot thing to do
Like all other mollies it's meant to be used to flush out deep pockets, deal with 50/50 angles and such. Of course there will be alternative uses like lineups for post-plant, but it's clear that the devs don't want this game to deviate from guns being in the center.
I don't need more than 5k Kingdom points, the airhorn is the only item needed
smurfing in radiant part 2
Yeah, I don't get it either. Kayo is most cs character. With the same flash and molly.
That feel when you accidentally smoke off the angle your opper is holding because you weren't paying attention to the buy 😬
damn insane progress
Nah nah nah nah nah go back to bed Grandpa
i dont think VCT skins should be compared to regular skins. in context of valorant’s regualr monetization, sure, the classics are very expensive. but in context of the esports side of things, where the only other time Riot asks to help pay for the VCT is the Masters/Champs bundles, $25 isnt really much. the VCT is free entertainment that needs to be funded somehow and these capsules arent bad value in that sense, imo. although, if this is their plan going forward, they need to innovate much more with next year’s capsules
The agent you see there will be the agent whose contract you activated last before they introduced the Kingdom Credits system. For me it's also Gekko, but for others it can be other agents.
The big downside i See With him is the Spike possession. Im a big gekko Fan, feel comfortable With Spike, have Always in CS as Well. But for new people it could be overwhelming to be *The Spike Carrier* Like some Kind of vip Person.
Also the Spike planting Position can be a big tactical advantage
Will be really interesting to see how it affects B long.
Chaotic evil
They literally fixed pearl and then removed it...
Right next to "sage rezz bait" type of play
Never surrender. Have won at least a dozen games down 10-2 at half.
Can you imagine the tiktok walls that could result from sage having two walls? Good god the barriers would drop and you would get one tapped from the skybox
On top of her being more difficult to play she isn’t that meta anymore even at the highest levels of the game. In most cases omen is simply better.
I do agree that cs is a lil more toxic than valorant, but paradoxically I never met people who throw games ever in cs.
For context I had 1.5k hours in cs before jumping to val
People spend money on dumb things all the time. As long as you aren't having financial issues, spend it however you want.
I never thought of it as a flaw... just seemed like good synergy with her orb and molly.
It would reveal your enemies, you would be able to see everyone who hates you around the world
I like that

* It's more obvious which map you're on
* Your name is a different color than the teammates
* The timer is more centered in focus to draw attention
* You can sort agents by role
* They've messed up the muscle memory of instalockers

&#x200B;

I dislike that

* Eventually we may have to scroll to reach some agents
* The chat overlaps with the agents UI
* Enemy team UI isn't red or color coded or anything

  
My guess is that when the new agent comes out, they'll remove a row so you don't have to scroll for just one agent, and the chat doesn't overlap as much
I dropped the game so I didn’t commit I crime because of these exact two maps.
I think the main issue with Neon is her slide does not work as well as an entry tool in the same way as jett dash or raze satchel. I think a change to her kit to incentivize entry using her preexisting tools could be helpful. Providing one tick of dash recharge if she slides through her wall could be one such way. Another way is to link her abilities to her meter, maybe building in ticks in the meter that make the abilities stronger or weaker depending on how much meter she has left. If she stuns with less than a 3rd of her meter she gets one bounce, but more than 2/3rds leads to 3 bounces. If she walls with less than a 3rd, it lasts 4 sec, more than 2/3rd it lasts 8 sec.
$60 for a skin but they can't keep staff. Where is this money going? According to their financials they are somehow losing half a billion dollars a year still?
Immo 2 here, high rr immo 3’s shit on us.
I also get shit on by gold/plats since they have no idea what they’re doing and just doing the stupidest plays
If you can't obtain them outbrain them. Or do something so stupid they never see it coming
It's even more common with controllers! They get asked to smoke at various points either as a default or if someone has a play in mind! If it's a friendly suggestion, consider it as that.
“I’m e-dating right now. Next time! :)”
Favorite: Pearl or Ascent 
Least Favorite: I don't hate all other maps but for the love of God I'm sick and tired of getting only fracture haven and lotus give me a good map please
Apparently you’ve never played cypher, only against cypher….
So it sounds like they are letting game changer teams add 1-2 male players to their roster?
We've got a quick video addressing this coming out tomorrow morning.
thats a great way to break the game economy.
Gekko ult is fairly useful in executes, wdym.  
Its a way better skye dog basically
You are correct
just opened my game and got this pop up, cant see how to reopen it after closing it, or actually do the training, anyone know?
I’m new to valorant, does every agent have a back story? Where can I find more about this?
Chamber or deadlock. Both get free kills if no one has any idea their ultimate are active
This would explain a lot. I thought there was a random jump in cheaters last night, I was getting wallbanged in off angles way too often to be a coincidence and it started yesterday.
Wtf did pearl do to riot? Why would they make a new map then just delete for almost a year, I miss it :(
On console I imagine that it's much harder to turn flashes. (PC player only here) So you probably don't need to worry about making it pop REALLY fast. Your body should basically be touching that box there, or running right click it
I’m assuming it got stuck and didn’t get dragged to the death spot fast enough
I took a break from Val and came back 2 nights ago to see how Clove was and I got Split, Lotus and Breeze back to back. Decided I'd take another break after that
What is that team doing bro 😭
This, also there’s a ton of scenarios that are useless for val, I can advocate for woohoojin’s 30 minute aim training routine. I personally saw good results after using it for a few weeks
A new way to C9.
Yeah, if neither player dies
People often forget Sage walls can be headshot.
better than me
I don’t think u need 9
I wish we would just keep them all in rotation with a map vote system
quite literally a silver strategy
deceased
I'm a 1-pump master in real life
There you are you little shit. Still kills me every time  I hear it
I think Riot is too scared to take out Ascent. It’s for so many people the best or one of the best maps especially for people in higher elo. Split has always been controversial and other than Ascent it’s been in the longest. Fracture and Pearl were also extremely polarizing maps even though I liked them. So bringing back Haven which was a pretty universally loved map with the new map makes sense.
Iron-immo 3 = low
Radiant = mid
pro = high

/s
To add to all this debate; I'm a diamond player who made an alt to help teach a friend. I played with him and did placements with him etc. We placed bronze (I did Sheriff only during placements I didn't want him starting in like gold/Plat and ruining games).

I swear to you all the absolute aim demons I encountered in bronze and silver was crazy. I actually had to sweat some of these games and I was absolutely shocked.

I was never more sure that Elo hell is real and I feel sorry for anyone who ever started low in Valorant (I've literally never been below gold) because you're getting smurfed on constantly or going against people way outside your skill level.
Shotguns being a hard counter for an iso shield could he great. That way it still has its strength against op players, but they still can't waltz around site willy-nilly without sufficient util, because of Shotgun players. Could encourage team play
They should add that to fracture lol
not the first time ive heard of this. plenty of my friends do it on their main accounts too. lucky for me i started in iron so i already own it
depends if its a comm ban for text abuse during a game (autoban) or repeated comms abuse. if during a game, itll usually only last for the rest of the game. otherwise it is a real ban that will prevent competitive play for 3 days, 1 week, or longer depending on the frequency of your ban history
Still bad
The pro fracture game reference was a really nice touch. All the battle pass Skins are kinda mid though imo, even for battle pass standards. Sprays are nice as usual, hopefully some have an interesting gimmick similar to the air horn spray though.
would
They should at least give you a riot gun buddy
I've seen him absolutely laugh and flex on plat/diamond players that made mistakes
Except in regular ranked, this is literally throwing as you're deadass demoting yourself to spectator. Not a lot do this play.

  
Riot needs to know that not every game is VCT, but also if they want to get him out, just revert the trips. Literally the thing that made him go from least played to most played sentinel.
Agreed… also why does TDM take so long to load into
There’s no source he made it up.
looks like a tech user who uses string to make "webs"
The only game i’ve tried to throw we ended up winning because the other team was throwing harder 😭

Valorant in a nutshell
You'd be top frag if you weren't trying to shoot toes 😂
In my experience the players you run into in the weekend are just different then the players you meet on weekdays, not better or worse. I do prefer the weekday crowd, especially the night crew. They seem to get tilted less and are more friendly.
Those are the friends we made along the way
It's more like a guardian tbh. You can ads, no inaccuracy, no dropoff damage
"1HP" callouts refer to enemies being 1 shot away from dying.
Try it in a custom. See if it works.
deadlock because then i can capture myself a girlfriend
op has already been struggling in the meta considering that most teams' site exec starts off with a duelist going mach 5 through the air forcing you to use your get out of jail card early, now with iso and neon entering the meta it's basically impossible to op against teams with functioning brains
Any time I’ve tried to use it after the nerf I’ve regretted it.
The fact that omen fake tped AND tried to get a knife kill is hilarious.
For sure, but teams only pick Brim on certain maps bc his smokes don't recharge. Harbors do, making him a bit different. You're correct tho!
YOU’VE HAD YOUR FUN MY TURN YOU’VE HAD YOUR FUN MY TURN YOU’VE HAD YOUR FUN MY TURN YOU’VE HAD YOUR FUN MY TURN YOU’VE HAD YOUR FUN MY TURN YOU’VE HAD YOUR FUN MY TURN YOU’VE HAD YOUR FUN MY TURN YOU’VE HAD YOUR FUN MY TURN YOU’VE HAD YOUR FUN MY TURN YOU’VE HAD YOUR FUN MY TURN YOU’VE HAD YOUR FUN MY TURN
Demon slayer irl
They have 7+ games or ports in development as of this post. Do you think they only have two games on the go? I understand big corpo can only ever do wrong but lets not act like there hasnt been a tech winter for a while now. They made promises during their 10 year anniversary that got interrupted by this economic downturn. I get you want to be edgy and act smart but its not black and white corpo do this because greedy and dumb.
you seriously underestimate how serious it gets lmao
That transfer was filthy
Gekko is weak in the sense that without proper play he brings less to a team than other agents. Since his abilities can be negated by being shot, you need to be really careful each time you use it, or coordinate with your team properly. Not saying he's a bad agent, but he definitely has his flaws.
STFU = shut the fuck up. Very mean, people get toxic
When I was super new to the game unrated, some guy said I was a stupid sova not knowing how to scan. Buddy, I'm level 2, what did you expect? Average Jonas?
“Did he…did he just throw my flash back at me?”
Yeah they know they are higher than Gold, yet don't want to give them the pleasure of getting all the RR at once because then there's no "progression".
True Warrior out here🫡🫡🫡
Gold is were players with bad aim but are good with utilities and or grinding can get in and also players with great aim but have shit fundamentals or mentalities get stuck. I'm the shit aim type or at least was but it's improved and has helped me get out of gold.
agent 8 might as well  just be carl from deep rock galactic
All these comments making me realize how good e abilities are in general
This dude uses util 💯
Yeah people make it harder for themselves, so a good play style in ranked has been more focused on adapting to your teammates rather than a tourney stack
Yeah that’s what I mean. I should have said “They should at least have all the maps in unrated and swift play”
You specifically mention agents that have abilities that require mechanical skill in your description so yes the agents you listed all have movement abilities that require mechanical skill to use well. I’d also add Omen in there because tp’ing and having to flick to a target is pretty common. 

Addressing your title though pretty much all agents/agent classes require skill beyond timing and communication. Though they may be more nuanced then raze satcheling your nuts onto some poor Brim’s head in U-Haul.
Yeah I'm a fan of it. Replication wasn't bad but I'm glad they stopped fuckin around and just added swiftplay and TDM. Great moves!
Im afraid to be an outlaw main to see how viable it is. Ive tried it in unrated (obviously different atmosphere) with good results, but its hard to tell if buying a regular rifle would be better. 

So far in ranked, best ive done is bought outlaw round 2 and bonus’d with it for 5 more rounds. It is fun knowing you 140’d someone and you see the util on your team can tickle them to death.
Get new friends.

Nah but honestly, I just got my first PC last year and Valorant was the first game I was interested in playing FPS wise, although all my friends were high plat/dia, we just played unrated together but they still took the time to give me tips and advice. In terms of aim training I took that into my own hands by watching videos on Youtube by Woohoojin, i’d recommend his low elo videos or Gold in 90 days video as his higher ranked and/or newer stuff can be a lot of information (on top of his overall demeanor changing a bit as of recently towards low elo players as well.) 

Keep up with the attitude of having fun because that’s what games are suppose to be. Focus on what you can control which is your own improvement, you don’t need to worry about your friends being assh*les. Glhf
The way I use Raze ult, it basically is a suicide bomb but without getting any opponents.
Killing summons will be more painful.
I feel like the reason why they're not doing anything against this is on their mind it somehow goes like this.  
"Once they reach immo/radiant (which the only rank we care here competitively) they'll eventually play solo/duo and naturally loses because they don't have the necessary skills to play at that level"

But they don't care about the players that they inconvenienced or experience ruined just by allowing this to happen in the first place.
People use CS Terminology because many Val players came from CS and the guns are pretty similar.  
Scout/Marshall  
AWP/Operator  
Deagle/Sheriff  
AK/Vandal  
Glock/Classic  
USP/Ghost  
Bomb/Spike  
CT(Counter Terrorist)/Defenders  
TR(Terrorists)/Attackers  
  
Sheriff and CS Deagle work the same way. Most expensive pistol, one shot headshots, slow fire rate, few bullets...
I have always waited for a brim ult like this. It looks so satisfying.
“You better hide, old man” - Jett
because it’s not technically a molly it’s a smoke and every other smoke shows you exactly where it lands. If it showed it with mollies that would change everything and all the lineup tiktokers and youtubers would be out of a job lol.
welcome to the time where riot games just does what they want because they know people will spend money on it, and they price it that high because they know it's going to sell a ton at that price they most likely wanted it higher but decided to settle at 6700
Sick animations on them tbh. Anyone know the weapons? I just see a ghost and a vandal
Yoru and neon are literally the very last agents I'd recommend for a new player lol
/remake

Basically, if one or more players on your team disconnected on round 1, you will have the option to vote for a remake which is basically a draw and it won't appear on your match history. It's only available on round 2.
So every agent is brought down to a reasonable power in game. Reyna should technically be the most powerful of them given that a future her caused the apocalypse and had to have Kay/O mafe, but, to answer your question, the guy probably just genuinely uses his bow a lot to be quiet and likely has normal arrows aplenty.
Rotates are so damn long and I feel like they're super dangerous. Really easy for lurkers to pick off rotating defenders. 

I don’t hate it, but agree it doesn't feel like a tac fps map. Feels like a halo map
That Reyna was given a second shot and died anyways lmfao
Outlaw literally counters this lol
Move over TenZ, we got a new aim demon in the house
No more than current system.
Panicked 4
I didnt think id ever hear the take of 'the matchmaking matches the teams evenly and thats bad'

U also only have like 30 games played and positive winrate


The games goal is to match the teams fairly and for you to be in the correct rank eg a 50/50 win rate. If ur around a 50% winrate then ur probably just... In the right rank?
Im really happy for it. This way I can still bail as Yoru if I fuck up and fall, provided I set a tp before.
Thoughts on cheaters in Val vs CS? 

Things that are harder about Val?

Things that are easier? 

More fun out of the two?
Shazam, I asked him a question about why he played a certain way in chat one time and he flamed me for being shit at the game. Fuck him.
Overdrive honestly was pretty good. I didn't buy it but I really like the vandal and the melee
Im going to die missing that jump do many times
I like it, but I’m still enjoying kuronami so I’ll pass. Where are the good phantom skins though? It seems like these days phantom only gets the cheaper bundles
No kids same age I suck
If I meet someone new and they ask me, I’ll never say I’m a Valorant or League of Legends player unless I know for a fact they’re also Valorant and League of Legends players too 

It’s too risky man 😂😂😂
I use to recommend him, now personally I struggle to watch his newer videos due to the change in style, and the way he comes off now compared to like 9 months ago.  I still recommend his Gold video, movement guide, and a few more but the more recent coaching videos i can't watch unfortunately
Yeah but that isn't a good reason IMO. As a controller main I agree we are usually last to site but that means the 2nd or 3rd with entry should have spike. Cause controllers and entries are timed then if the site is clear that 3rd person should be planting.
800/.72 is actually really high. PRX F0rsaken, a pro known for having a high sens uses 800/.712. Demon1, a pro known for low sens uses 1600/0.1. I use 1600/0.15.




Wrist aimers tend to use higher sens whereas arm aimers use lower sens. Why use lower sens? You get steadier, more reliable aim while sacrificing speed. But speed can be made up for by moving your arm faster (watch Demon1, he aims crazy fast despite his sens). For me, a 180 turn is roughly 30cm which doesn't require a mouse pad that big.
This is what i try to do, except they hs me first before  i manage to click 😂
yeah it was, but he was talking about a long range shotgun
100% this ☝🏼
Take that extra millisecond to aim after you stop.
You can also stick Sova's scan on the clone
well we are kinda missing some information here

Lets say you mainly play unrated, are not that serious about ranking up, play since beta and play a lot with friends who are a similar skill level, then i‘d say your totally fine.  
Also keep in mind playtime doesnt necessarly scale with skill

After all it just doesnt matter how good you are at a fkin video game just have fun
Whelp, I have to post my funny judge ace later today
I just need to hit immo then my mental health will be good I swear.
I have been got Valorant smurfs accounts with new agent from -Agata-Smurf-, level 20. so that you can immediately start a rating game and choose 2 agents to open them instantly
My vid, first post got removed because of the meme title and this one got buried, shit rules tbh
So it’s literally just a word replacement for high ground?
Shes revered as a guardian of Alpha Earth and I think she either had a voiceline or in the short films that revealed her counterpart wanted to destroy. I might be remembering incorrectly though.
Idk about high level game but for low level idk how it's gonna affect. It's supposed to be a counter for light shields but I don't think people in low elo really do that strat because most people aren't that good with headshots so might as well get heavy shields and hope you can kill someone faster. I think it's gonna be more annoying than useful in like bronze or something
Yea I saw your history.

Valorant is really crispy tho isn't it.

You're gonna do well here bud.
Or A B C.

Of course the real resolution would be to allow players to customize the coms like the spray wheel but whatever.
Everyone was happy
Yeah :(
The Sage wall 😭
[this video will explain it better than I ever will](https://youtu.be/_CmzdhX5HIg?si=Bph3fe1Usc-e-4CB)
Sunset, Bind, Lotus, Icebox
Dam the stars aligned, cool shot
First of all duelist is the most popular role in the game, so most of the players want to pick them (and do).

Second of all, since basically 80% of games in lower Elo have a Reyna, you kinda need a 2nd duelist who can entry, because Reyna can't really entry the site, except she is fragging really good (most of them aren't).
“This is a nice sp-“ *BOOM*
LOL facts
They want to win dm, even if its not making them better at the real game.  Not everyone plays dm to improve/warmup tho some people treat it like a regular game mode.
This has nothing to do with neon but I was playing earlier today and the game straight up turned my console off two times well I was playing and it only happened when I would reconnect to the game which lead to an afk warning since I couldn’t play not sure if this is a know issue yet
Anna Donlon gave a very heavy handed hint towards releasing some sort of content that will be  related to the location of Champions later this year. Judging from the palm trees and stucco houses, it’s looking likely they’re gonna drop a map set in sunny Los Angeles.
not all radiant players are good coaches.
which is kind of funny because it means that they while they do consider themselves good, only barely.
I got mindfucked yesterday when I used phoenix ult, got iso ulted and lost, then respawned where I had ulted
That new stuff with Wooting and Razer doesn’t really change Valo because counter strafing doesn’t benefit you nearly as much as CS. It could potentially help with making your overall movement better possibly? Idk. But it won’t effect your shooting.
The "read breach ult" was phoenix realising they would attack B site instead of A with breach ult to entry with. Might be more to it but I'm only gold.
Cod players.

Seriously though, the mentality in cod games is baffeling and imo, where these people come from. According to them

Camping is noob
Hardscope is noob
Using certain weapons is noob
Going prone is noob

Everything they dont like is noob.

Competitive games are just that. Competitive, people get upset at anything they cant deal with
From what I have seen, people generally use him to help quickly execute a site by gathering intel as to where people are. Yoru's will ult early into the round, and start pinging/comming locations of seen enemies so their teammates can play around it and take site easily.

You can also use this for yourself to get a free kill on an eco round by combining with your other util & a shorty.

Yoru is a very flexible, high skillcap character that can be utilize the ult in a million situations, these are just two quick examples.
Technical agent gun skins are grind-able skins, but the reason they don't have more is probably money.
That's why i dont have a 'femle' name in the most games. I mean i have to deal with comments on my own team (after i use my mic), and i dont need any comments from the other team aswell ^^"
Also the reason why i only play duo/ with friends. It sucks so hard, i always report them, but they rarely get punishment, so i guess i have to deal with that.
Saw that in one of my games yesterday too. I set up my cypher can before the round and I see this jett just chilling in the heavens 😂
We were winning 10-0. We trolled the enemy in chat. They won 10-13. Doesn't always work.
Im a little bit older than you, but damn this was a really good speech man, wise way past your years.
No more double kills with two shorty shots on save rounds
It’s pretty common to have bad comps at every rank.

I think the most telling is the cipher not reacting, and the breach ult. Those were really bad lol.
Even in immo people are like that and it’s ruining games, the fast that I didn’t have a good %hs made him think that I don’t deserve to win, at the end he was bottom grab where I was top, classic.
And the 3rd partie software that can make the ign appear in champ select when I don’t show it should be bannable, just disgusting
tbh i would vote for yoru every game. i dont want that guy in my match at all, not in my team, nor the other. from my experience yoru has the highest friendly flash rate, and yoru players i go against seem to always have put 300 hours into it or something
"Regular player" with ten games a day??

You need a break, friend.
I believe he means the word can't be put in chat
Probably a combination of bad movement and taking bad fights. By bad fights I mean peaking into multiple possible enemies
Yes, I used to feel bad about spamming Odin, but I don't feel bad anymore.
Still no news about the replay feature?
I think people seem to undersell what woohoojin actually did. He sold himself and his services under the false pre tense of being a radiant. He lied to millions and offered advice citing fake credentials. Then continued lying claiming he had a "SECRET" radiant account... 
I don't want it in ranked. I like the game how it is. 

I will definitely take a extra non ranked game mode with FF on out of curiosity though.
Exactly! A free to play game with tens of millions of players and there's not at least 100 people who have all that? Couldn't even break into double digits either? 🤔
One of the best initiators no matter the rank really
Valorant client is missing lots of important data that the third party apps have.  FB success rates, first deaths, wins off of FB, loss off of FD, trade rates, KAST%, etc.
Playing with 5 dollar mouse, no mousepad, shit monitor and like 10 fps, that's my guess.
It does. That omen is of the calibre I get on my team for my placements.
Literally everyone gets aimbot with it except me
Personally, this just makes his smurfing position a lot funnier since getting boosted, at least for the first few games, requires someone to smurf.
You are asking silvers 💀
I recently bought a budget mouse that's the same shape as superlight, 49g and the battery was 50% at like 3 weeks later. It costed like 40usd. I sold my Lamzu Thorn that costed 3x more for it.

It's the VGN R1 Dragonfly pro max if you're interested. I'm never gonna buy branded ones again
This. Just to add. It widens the entire screen so models look wider. The gun is further to the side but the drawback is that you lose vision on the sides.
If you listened to him you'd know his quiver is never full
My guess is cause you don’t have to pay Valorant points for the abilities. Lol
nuh uh
Any radiant is miles better than a low immo player. Same goes for top radiants vs low radiants. You’ve got a LOT of work to do if you want to go pro.
Game Company makes system that was fine before into a super Grindy experience so they can get more money.
Polystyrene 3?
As a 20 year old, I’d rather play with people hitting 30, 40, or even 50+ over a 12 year old any day. Most people who aren’t teenagers have some sense of maturity and don’t think calling people racial slurs and verbally harassing minorities and female players makes them cool. Overall better experiences with older people.
People aren't looking for answers they are looking for quick gratification. They just want someone to say the way they think is right, right now. 

They don't care how many times it's been posted or if its been posted 30 secs before them, if its not complained about exactly in their wording its not the same and I want you to directly talk to me because I'm the one that needs the attention. 

Sorry buddy this is the gaming community of today.
Damn you have crisp aim what’s your rank
to be fair it *is* a swift play, i don’t think *straight up suicide encouragement* matches the energy there
Bold of you to assume that they have aim on any of the hitboxes
You play without any sound completely and no visual sound indicators? Impressive stuff.
Yeah I mean that’s absolutely based as fuck. If I got good at shaco on league I’d absolutely pick him repeatedly to trigger salty man-children and raging 13 year olds. That’s fuckin hilarious
Yeah. It's so stupid that literally everyone knows performance varies game to game, day to day yet they forget all their empathy and straightway not only blame duelist for the match but they attack em as a bad player in general when they have only spectated that one game. They don't even try to have a positive mindset and try to figure out something else. As soon as they losing, 'duelist bottom frag, we losing bc of u, duelist should get kills' like stfu.
Yeah imagine planting in A and either being spammed by mollies or being hit by a fucking op from mid. Without Viper this map is unwinnable
I can guarantee I got the worst night market ever this time
Me: pls talk English, i dont speek french
Them: yeah sure
Also them 2 min later: oui oui baguette
definitely still good for making space
I do use comms. Honestly, Valorant is probably one of the least toxic communities that I've experienced so far. I use comms every game and I just mute toxic players. I usually only get 1 or 2 games with toxic ppl in them and usually it's not even misogynists, like I'm not targeted cuz I'm a woman, it's usually them being toxic to everyone. The last game I got where I was targeted bc I'm a woman was around a month ago.

I work in a prison and anything anyone says to me in game isn't anything I haven't heard a thousand times at work. You just gotta learn to mute them and ignore it.
he’s not like yoru in the sense yoru is good in the right hands, iso is mid in every hand. he’s not awful, but everyone is just better
G-g-g-g-g-g-g-give me a corpse.
Just like Dota and LOL

mechanics in dota are infinite from cancel animations to buy drop sell ítems during a teamfight.
That's a pretty large bug...surprised it wasn't found through QA.
Clive is great, been having a blast with them
it sucks. whenever i play with my younger underage sister i make sure that she dont comm with the team and just with me. cause she got those mild but still weird comments too on her first week of playing. and having the urge to punch someone through the screen is very stressful. she dont play anymore though, not for the toxic teammates but genshin got her lol
Rito needed to nerf u
Always. No one ever expects you to just WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
Did i stutter?
Bro or sis moaned pretty damn hard
^ this tbh, he seems to know a lot about the game and how to teach about that well, but I just get turned off by the way he talks down to the people he's teaching, like he seems to enjoy it or view it as part of the coaching process.
Personally I generally play the less picked agents myself. I’ve been playing a ton of Reyna lately
I was about to say that I need to know what rank this is. Bro just stared at you.
imagine if the other team had to sit through the rest of the games buy phases and round win times again and again.
Best Raze back on the most entertaining team
CLARA
She's literally one of the most popular picks among all elos. She's the main of many VCT pros. Dunno how OP got the idea that she's underrated lol.
Just saving face with that comment. It’s easier for him to blame leaving for the viewership drop. Generally the veiwership rises back to normal in such cases, but not for wooj 

Rip
This. Classic case of “yeah but it’s us”
cus he is cool
that happens when either a new map comes in or the end of an episode
night market been trash
THATS WHAT IM SAYINGGG
Iron lobby for sure.
i think also theyre always like carrying guns? like not with them i guess but neon has that limiter thing + normally two more guns and her clothing and hair aren't really the most aerodynamic
"What are you dooooooingggggggg?!?!?!" \* Pushes to talk\* " Nice try! almost had em"
The problem with yoru is 1) he’s extremely difficult to play and 2) for the most part, the other duelists are easier to play and are better at a lower level. Imo, yoru has the highest skill ceiling in the game (maybe Jett is above him). The outplay potential is insane if you can master him, plus his flashes and decoys are really useful. But just take for example Reyna. All you need to do to play her at a high level is be able to aim. 99.9% of players will obviously take that instead of spending hundreds of hours learning a complicated agent like Yoru. 
Also, in ranked, because a lot of people see him as a troll pick, they just straight up dodge when you lock him. I recommend watching Eggster and Ziptie, who are both top 100 Yoru mains.
Haven't ever encountered a blatant cheater actually, vals anticheat is pretty good as far as anticheats go
I still don't know how the current screen is sorted.
Cause he is a selfish player duh?
the classic right click moments can still happen, but it used to be very very bad lmao.

like the best thing u could do, is jump right click around a corner, it was basically a bad shorty, with the versitility of the classic left clicks, but on rounds like pistol, or if enemy was hit, it could just one shot them from decently far away.
The 3 bullet 3k on Lotus B site was sick, i mean they all were. Nice shots
Isn't this a good thing? I swear when they dropped Deadlock she was never played once, still don't see her in games.
Bro, lmao
Even if it is, you always follow the call. Otherwise make your own calls man, don’t be that guy who listens to someone formulate an execute, then calls it shit and doesn’t provide any other value.
I hoped she decided to knife because she was out of bullets on both weapons. Because if she wasn't, I wouldn't even call it a whiff, just a full on throw lol.
ive been playing sine episode 2 act 2 and only ever net gained 1000rr (Gold 2) across 3 years with almost 2k hours at this point, over 3 accounts

i brag the most but OP's post humbled me. I suck. I need to nograss this shit further.
As someone who was grinding this game I’ve found a lot of enjoyment in playing for a month then take 3-4 months off. Not getting any higher rank but also not constantly angry after playing
I mained Viper (pre-recent nerf) purely bc you can give teammates headpats by holding out snakebite
You have to gather 10 people, hopefully scheduled, have a backup player or two, and it's just a lot of effort for a comp match like match
And Neo frontier buddies are backwards if you use left-handed mode. :(
“I miss her”

“Gojo”

“Cr7”

super Cringe
I’d say harbour is just ok, in double controller role

Iso is cool but does nothing better then Reyna Jett raze etc

Gecko is ok I guess but does nothing better then almost any flash initiator 

Deadlock is just ass plain and simple
He’s a radiant! In game it says he ‘reconfigures ambient energy into bulletproof protection’. He basically pulls radianite energy from the surrounding area and turns it into a solid, or something like that
you can pick them up just not after the round starts, dunno why
Where are the HOT MEN in magical girl outfits
Reyna players at 98 hp: Heal please.
duelists aren't for fragging, they're for entering site. the only reason your friend thinks it's for fragging is because they play reyna.

every other duelist creates space in some way, even without movement abilities. the way they create space is by introducing more angles that the defenders have to worry about while the attacking team is executing onto site. the best example is with jett or raze; normally, defenders only have to worry about main in a full exec. they can just dump all their util at the choke and there's nothing the attackers can do about it. jett and raze have movement abilities that allow them to safely reposition onto site from main, creating multiple angles of attack that diverts the defender's attention, thus creating space.

duelists like iso and phoenix, who don't have movement abilities, can also do this to a lesser extent as well; if you wide swing with your wall while you have shield/ult you can get into a wider position (diverting attention and dragging crosshairs away), giving your team space to get onto site and get trades with. i suspect this is why they kept iso's immunity to tagging movement penalty in; so he can run deeper into site while entering site.
Man, this is a bit besides the point but I've had the most beautiful attacking half yesterday on Breeze. I was playing Harbor, had a Gekko. He was sending the little dude out to plant and flashing for our entries, I was using the bubble to protect the little dude and smoking the shit out of the site. The duelists were doing their jobs and taking space. It was so amazing to witness. And we barely had to speak, I was calling out some strats before the round started but we kinda had coordination for hits without speaking. I miss it.
A torture to myself and others
you guys act as if harbour *isn't* in the game
I'm just frustrated that I have to play multiple games now to write off my dailies.

Went from one spike rush most days, to at minimum one full unrated game + a swiftplay.
Why embarrassing, you're being too harsh---o o- oh hey at least you weren't punished for it--
Dia/asc at least
Literally, my dad owns a hedge fund in Abu Dhabi and all those skins would be 30 minutes worth of work for him. If he liked Valorant why would anyone judge him trading 30 minutes worth of work for all the content in the game.

I made all this up, but you get my point.
I think a big part of it is because you still need to hit the cypher with the knife. For example, on sunset, he could be backsite or market, even left or right side of backsite. Its impossible to hit all of these locations with a single knife. And if the cypher sees that kay/o has ult, he might even play off site. 

While sova or raze can guarantee that trips won't be there for the choke, as the trips will be either get destroyed or placed elsewhere.
It was causing players to be unable to move for a whole round so they disabled it until they find a fix
What about freezing round timer during the buy phase?
I like breeze its my highest win rate. maybe because nobody else likes it.
No wonder why we were seeing people with insane ban who says that they have no idea what they did to deserve that lmao
bruh just did a tenet
he hit some nasty shots though
Reminds me of Henry the Stickmin, the Escape from Jail one.

Where Henry is in a room with 2 options, a chair and a belt of grenades, if you choose the belt of grenades, he throws it outside and it bounces back into his room.
If deathmatch tilts you I'd recommend just turning off sound and playing music in the background. It takes you out of the game emotionally so you just focus on tapping heads
I mean, yeah. Any pro match will have people going for exit frags unless the team that lost the round has awful economy and you can’t risk it, or other team is just rich as fuck to the point them losing guns won’t even affect much
As it should be
I like to play this map in ranked. But in proplay, this is the most boring val map ever, basically because there is no variability in comps.

It's always, Sova, Kayo, Killjoy, Omen and Jett, and EVERYONE that tries to bring a new comp loses.
Ofc, only idiots like me will spend money on pixels
That one had me cackling
IKR,ranked ppl are so mentally weak
I literally was playing Skye the other night and would flash onto entry sometimes and my team was waiting for that to happen, besides our Iso. He kept putting himself right into my flash even though everyone else was working with it and then says in voice chat, "Skye please top flashing." People are something else lol
Champs 23 vandal has the hypest finisher in the game. The ticking away instrumental slaps
just switch back to vandal you silly lad

you hit a spray transfer ONE time and thought that was good enough a reason to throw your muscle memory out the window and switch?

if you get one ace with a phantom and three 2k's with a vandal, that's still 6 kills
Unironically, Reyna.

Or just play a ton of DM or TDM.
it's not inconsistent, dismiss just let's you avoid anything that hits you in the future, it doesn't cleanse you
I like neon and yoru for ult farming. While their ults arent the cheapest, they can use their mobility to get ult orbs fast and rotate back to their team just as fast
Why I'm stuck at low rank, I swear I'm good! 
Also me:
its cool but playing against cypher kinda sucks bootyhole
So do my teammates in ranked
Isn't the toxic Reyna teammate a default setting when starting a game? Can't this can be changed in the settings?
High memory ceiling
You haven't seen the Ascendant Boyfriend Girlfriend one where the Boyfriend is some Immortal Smurf trying to carry his Girlfriend who is at best Gold.

That's the real hard game where you play 4v5 but everyone is just tapping heads.
pearl got knocked out of the map pool
Man I love the Specter. It's my best gun by far
That's kind of the point? You already unlocked the agent. Players will have to spend KC to unlock agents now & get some of it back once they reach tier 5 rewards. Makes no sense to get a reward for something you already unlocked.
ISO got Powers after recent Update..
This should be doable on any map with 2 orbs (Fracture is not necessary).

Put a Sage and Clove, both with ult, on *both* teams.

Acer kills 3 players. Enemy Sage revives one, Acer kills them.

Enemy Sage gets two orbs and kills 2 players. Friendly Sage revives one. Enemy Sage kills them. Enemy Sage kills Friendly Sage and Friendly Clove (x2). Enemy Sage now has ult again.

Enemy Sage revives another player. Acer kills them. Acer kills Enemy Sage and Enemy Clove (x2).

Results in an 8K.
"We built the game in such a shitty way and we laid off so many devs that nobody knows how we can hide our shit netcode in a replay system anymore"
Yep. Even in radiant ranked being able to hold your own is more important than teamwork. Team play is only super important in pro play, and thats really the only place she struggles
Afaik Sage revives people but in exchange someone has to die, but she doesn't pick the people who die, even the healing abilities has this tradeoff, Omen mentions this in one of his voice lines
Iso is pretty cool , and I’m not talking about meta game for champions or vct . Every agent is viable in ranked. And even then , deadlock is very meh.
It plays a lot like Ascent with how mid impacts the map, B is a night mare just like Ascent B. A is easier then Ascent A.

  
Its the most balanced map in Valorant right now, by that I mean it truly feels like the better team wins that map 9/10 rather then being super one sided.

  
But I get why people dislike it as well.
Will it arrive on Act 2 or Act 3?
Sage/Skye heal or Sage ult would be insane to have.

Gekko's creatures would be fun to have, especially wingman.

Also how would Cypher ult work? And would I need a human body to use it or any body?
I can barely hit someone holding a or d, how am I gonna hit those guys
TF2 Medic?
Those are usually phishing sites, don't fall for it
Ego braindead Reyna/Jeet main
And that tracks with the lore updates we're about to get tomorrow with the new patch. The 6.11 emails already found on the PBE talk about a Kingdom team from its Landfall project that is heading to Norway for a cargo pickup.
I think It's pretty safe, it doesn't touch the game or even know it's running, everything is interpreted with mouse and keyboard input so it \*should\* be fine.
My ranked teammates on pc are doing that joke too.
phantom is better because i have cooler skin for it
Yeah. Best thing about people picking clove is that double smokes can actually occur.
W team player!
Scrubbing thru frame by frame you can see your cross hair is perfectly on his head, but as you click to shoot you slightly move your cross hair down and left and his character model seems to strafe back a little bit right at the same time.
We intend for players to be able to complete active games when a patch rolls out. Could you tell me more about what you saw?
More ranks just make things more grindy.
Its not in a player's interest.
Bro... why... (my new crosshair)
I like playing my shooters at half bricked, and a character being non binary confuses my willy 

/s
Gave Iso a bucky shot point blank and it did zero damage.
By that logic, Phoenix gets shafted the hardest.

Gravnet is just a very strong ability at the moment.
Ummm immortal obviousl
inb4 s0mething
I'm seeing a lot of comments related to the wall stopping lurks. 

Sage main here.

I ignore putting the wall instantly and only do it when I rotate from B to A.

Or just generally later in the rounds.

It does not do anything to a mid push and slows are more effective at slowing down a mid push.
There isn't just one tier list. It's all about how each agent works on a specific map
Me, I'm the 1-16 cypher. Except I didn't ace and we lost
I love everything about this clip. Neon standing still while using ult, Raze's sad attempt at a jumpspot, and Yoru just out in the open against an Op.
Keep your Stance while attacking have strong fists be ready to run .oh wait this is valo
The more she plays, the better the MM understands her level. There is hidden mmr for unrated and deathmatch,
Valve didn't give a fuck [who](https://youtu.be/l5ce1slHZ88?si=r2Q7Fh1peZ-lEhvO) it was either lmao. If you broke TOS you got banned.
Blows my mind cypher’s trips got the buff they did and DL is still sitting in the corner crying because movement duelists keep getting past hers.
I agree i think 10 slots would be a good idea so at least it will increase the skins that the players want. I feel like they should also add gun skins that are priced at 2100+.
clean shots but wtf was that sage doing lmao she didnt even get stunned and still she cant shoot you
No such thing as a useless role. Roles aren’t even the most strict classification to begin with. Certain agents are more or less useful depending on a variety of circumstances. Your friend is just being a bozo
7 bullet Vandal clutch. Fuckin' filthy bro
breach sucks as a solo initiator cus he has no info gathering util and also it's a bit harder to coordinate with ur team in solo q
To take the right shot with your next ability!
Because you can't spray and pray when you panic, it forces you to be precise with your limited bullets
Def ION ce
I only have one friend to play with so if i get a code ill be sure to share the extras here
On god. If I had a dollar for every time I got ascent or breeze, i’d have enough money to buy the entire kuronami bundle
1 thing you did well is not reload every after kill. good practice. then the last kill, honestly, he just walked in on it, but nonetheless it's a good 6k.
If you kill him yes, he will just stand there till the domain expires and both Iso and Kay O will die. Maybe they will fix it soon.
I'm just imagining the jump peeks with her or even just jiggling it's gonna be crazy lol
Swap Reyna with neon
He’s him
Exactly. And it works. He came to reddit afterall
As a controller main watching this clove hurt but gg on the 7k
They really overshot the viper nerfs.

Pro play maybe okay but soloQ byebye
I have a feeling people aren’t thinking about the agents that they never use. Do you use harbor?
Actually I was referring to going in,  not exiting.
LMAO, you should be proud to know that you’re not the first new player to say this.
Wasn’t always like that though. You used to be able to use your mic in the load screen and I feel like the moment they took that away load times somehow got longer and longer with each patch. And just booting the game up takes forever.
If you're not a good shot today, don't worry - there are other ways to be useful ;)
I agree, guessing they didn't want to overlap with gaia's vengeance weapons as they're a similar nature theme.
Ahh yes, the Kay/O maps without Kay/O util usage. Love those!
Raze satchels
You are right! @OP try to calm down a little and to move your mouse a bit more smoothly! And if you overflicking reduce your sensitivity
This whole thing isn't surprising. A radiant level player would want to play against others with similar skill. Even if you're washed you'd still want to play controller at a immo3 or a high rr to enjoy the game from that aim/game sense perspective. Especially if it's your main game and livelihood. You wouldn't just pick up duelist and not be able to play the game at high elo anymore for fun.

Bruh is an immortal player from early seasons before the valorant's difficulty ramped and the player base's skill improved. If he truly is a immo3 / radiant player then drop the Raze charade and play controller. 

It's even funnier that the dude dislikes that omen 1 trick (charlatan?) but at least that guy shows he's a skilled controller player capable of being a radiant level player. 

Resolution should be a straight up apology video that explains he is a washed fraud. Do a climb to radiant on stream as controller bro man up.
Immortal or ascendent? I can’t tell
Any time someone says guess my rank its always iron or bronze
nobody doing what you just said is going to stop because a Reddit post but thank you for saying it’s a rant
i want haven, fracture and pearl back. this current map pool is driving me insane i need something new. also yeah fuck breeze 😭 sunset is alright
As an Ascent hater, that sounds awful frankly. In CS2 premier I swear half my games are on Mirage. If half of my Val games were on Ascent I would quit.
Is it only this? It feels like this boosts her ability as an Initiator more than a Sentinel.
Agreed. He started being pretty condescending to people in his chat too, and would be quick to timeout or ban people from his chat for X time over innocent comments or questions (in my opinion). I still love his normal guides like those map guides, and movement guides too.
crazier than a constant 3-5.5
Why don‘t you try it out then?
Theres a reason why its not going to be crossplay. We dont want COD / Apex issues on Valorant. Then the pro level will be controller only.
The ult is powerful because it takes one person out of the equation on site takes/retakes.  If they are only playing 1 player you instantly get site, if its two players your team is instantly in a Xv1.  

For the ult itself you have better odds since you have two pillars to hide behind vs enemy only having one.  They have a 25% chance(33 if you consider the middle as one), vs your 50% chance to be holding the right angle.  Betting on having shield is pretty unlikely and taking someone out of the fight on a site take/retake is way more important than trying to get a frag, get your shield, then using ult.  If it works out that way then its great.  

Falling for the clone is more of a you problem then an iso problem unfortunately, but hopefully youve learned.
Omen moment
I think there's no comment on your profile.
I think the shield is more impactful at higher rank like you’re saying because 5 body shots vs 4 isn’t that bad, but if you’re already aiming for head, hitting that first headshot with crosshair placement and then needing a second hs for the kill is a much bigger gap and will get you killed more often than not if the iso is any good. 

AKA iso is stronger against head-tappers but worse against body-sprayers.
Quick peek with a pistol to destroy shield then swing
On the pistol round is where Reyna is the strongest agent out there with double overheal + ghost. If you waste one of her overheal for blind that make you more valuable and you cant trade properly or use her kite to full potential (on pistol) and some situation you can’t overheal and you need do dismiss so having two is basically free jail card on pistol round.
The abilities are very situational and could use work, but I think he looks cool! I like the idea of some guy running around and taking photos of stuff, it‘s silly in a good way.
They should do it automatically. If the game decides in the first 2 rounds that you are afk, the game auto remakes. You don't even have to ask.
Nc play but wtf was that kj ult
A good omen that's teleporting behind people and slitting throats
No strafng when shooting is the hardest think about playing Valorant on Console. So much muscle memory that needs rewiring
They will stop after a while as you're forced to eventually play certain maps unless you want to get penalized.
outlaw is being brought in specifically to counter the half-shield meta and to add variety to loadouts from round-to-round because the mid-power levels of the game are fairly lacking
Mentality changes when you are trying to coach vs making content. I think it got to him a bit
I agree, really all eco weapons are massively better against light vs heavy though. “The Light Shield Meta” is seriously over rated and exaggerated when discussing its prevalence. Sure Light is disproportionately good in a clean 1v1  against a phantom or vandal but with the amount of wallbangs, ability damage, and the fact that eco weapons and odins become much more dangerous it’s obviously pretty meh. The fact we have the phantom only doing 124 to the head and 124 with 4 shots to the body past 30m is just moronic though. Every stat out there shows the phantom performing worse than the vandal yet they won’t address that dmg past 30m travesty.
The jokes isn't about him being friends with Tate. Its a satire on being a "chad" thats why his intro is something about being a 6 ft Venezuelan trillionaire with a pic of Tate. It's a joke on what would be considered "cool". I'm sure the satire is lost on some of his viewers too, but I feel like the intro is pretty obviously a joke.
because this is a big lie in corporate speak. soon enough will be the "we tried really hard but have to cancel our plans for a replay system" statement
I think the issue has very little to do with the buffs and the reward of other roles than duelist.


It has alot more to do with the fact 90% of the playerbase of Valorant are playing a team game in the most selfish way where the only reason they enjoy having a team is to bait/blame.


These are the same dudes who specifically play a Tac shooter then lose their minds that they can't just run onto a Cypher site.
But Sage is also not considered a “real sentinel” and not played in Pro-Play because of that.
Pretty sure Brim just smokes and then plays like a Duelist. His smokes don’t Regen, so you just blow your smokes and yolo it.
We tried to test this and it didn’t work for us. Do you have a video we can compare the old sound to?
she's a top 3 pick even in imm last time i checked
“Annoying voices” bro I don’t think they can help it, idc about how my teammate’s voice sounds like in comms as long as they are comming good
damn i guess valorant’s getting old because i still think of replication (and all game modes outside of unrated, comp, custom, deathmatch, and spike rush) as very new additions to the game
i honestly don’t know why night market is even a thing. I would glady spend 10 bucks on a discounted skin. Too bad i’ve had 0 skins actually worth more than a cent in ALL night markets since episode 3.
Yeah, really sick of girls not comm'ing in matches due to fearing harassment. I just care about winning and these 14 year old edgelord idiots just make soloQ games so much harder.
Farming zepplins for that ace status
And his Molly is waaaaay better than viper’s
1 headshot is better than 3 bodyshots
Just a note guys, but if you do damage to Reyna's overheal or to clove's overheal, the damage does not show up on your damage report.
I can't figure out what you are trying to archive with the movement you do.

You propably should check woohoojin's overaim drill about moving and shooting. Don't skip steps.
1. Riot is forcing it onto players so they get experience. Might as well go with it so you're not screwed in the long run.

2. Too many people are dodging it, and the more you dodge a map, the more likely it's going to appear. Since majority of people are doing it, you're bound to be paired with a bunch of dodgers trying to avoid it.
Unbreakable kj mollies typically have some hard or soft abuse involved, like going out of bounds or dealing damage through boundaries. There are plenty of "unbreakable" mollies that don't involve abuse, but those are generally for specific purposes, like cubbies corners or plants.

Cypher's "unbreakable" trips aren't the worst thing in the world. There is a A LOT of counterplay to them. Excluding agent abilities outright, since the trips are generally common knowledge, a small amount of coordination can be used to foil them - eg, an "attacker-sided" entry smoke to Sunset B site with careful, basic team play can destroy a triggered trapwire.

There's also trickier ways than needing a sova or raze. Omen and chamber can tp, jett can updraft. Just because cypher's trips are difficult to break doesn't mean they're undefeatable, and that's the point. Just because most random teams can't coordinate well enough to foil cypher trips doesn't mean they're unbeatable, and most random teams don't actually know how to utilize cypher trips well anyway. 99.99% of the time, cypher's trips are a mental thing moreso than gameplay.
Are you calling your entry out before hand? Sometimes teams definitely just sit back, but sometimes the duelist just rolls in without saying anything or waiting. If I stop to throw smokes, and don't have any movement abilities, it's impossible to keep up. Which is why you need to know so you can smoke right before entry and get in position. Same with initiators who might be using a lineup, etc.
CSGO tried that and it ended up in a kind of "2 map simulator" because people woould only chose Mirage and Inferno.

CS2 'improved' the situation in the sense,that you only ever play mirage. Every. Single. Match.

Please don't ever do this to Valorant, I beg you!
Wait what seriously?? Aren't all these pretty important loo
Kinda hard to get good answers from reddit considering majority of ppl wont be IMMO 3+.


If you dont get any good answers then a suggestion would be to check soloq vods from radiants where they play against Iso and skim through rounds and see how they deal with that scenario if it happens.
If you played entry, Kayo is the one to go as other comment said. His flash is a lot like CS's flashes, with the left click-far/righ click-near thing. He has a molly that is very easy to throw, and both his e and ult takes the abilities from the enemy team.

Also Chamber might be an option to look into, he has a "deagle" as his q, and an awp as his ult that slows in area once u kill someone. Also he can tp into safety so is a very aggressive agent.

Brim if you want to learn smokes. The easiest smoker imo.
Anyone who says it's not noticeable I'm CONVINCED, do not know you need to change windows settings to new refresh rate.
she's literally more accurate when sliding than standing... this looks ridiculously strong
bros a cs player
Sinatra, any time I’ve clicked onto it, it’s an overly loud keyboard noises with him calling people braindead every 2 seconds mixed with him saying he doesn’t care about or like the game. Can’t find the appeal of watching somebody with no passion for what they’re doing
U drop ur gun when u die, u have to float over it when ur in ur invinc mode when ultimg
cheers, deadlock ftw
they have a winter event, yeah. they stopped doing Christmas specific stuff years ago because Chinese players don't buy Santa skins
You're friend is wrong, there's no agent that is fully unviable at your ELO (any elo, really). You're not throwing by playing Neon.
Ngl the reward for %100 guessing should be a free skin token or maybe an entire bundle. A title is just not worth it. In lol they give you the most expensive skins as a reward if I remember correctly.
Idk, I was pretty close to getting on a pro team when I was only Bronze 3.  But I have improved a lot since then, now Silver 1, so I think I might go for it again.
"everything else is mid" 


"might cop the sheriff"


make up your mind bruh
Picked up Kay/0 a couple days ago and oh my God does it feel so good. The flashbangs and grenade are my favorite part of the kit. The knife I mainly throw at a default spot  near site to see if they are rushing, but that's the one I need to work on
Not really. You either have to log in to her account or you can buy her a gift card for Valorant Points.
dunno why ur getting downvoted, your right he does have good aim.
raze rocket 5k now is impossible. the radius is like 3m istg
DO NOT SKIP STEPS.   
   
The most important thing for you (apart from the right sense) is properly getting the feel for mouse travel distance. I can't remember if it's in Hooj's vid, but basically go to range, turn on practice: shoot a bot in the head, then move your mouse slowly to another head. Your only focus is to never go further than the head. Get faster and faster.
I saw his tracker today. Bro has so many games played and his stats are so fucking good. It feels like he's really putting 100% in every game
But it doesn't work, at least not outside of bronze.
We need a full pokemon comp

Sjye gekko kj 1 more duelist and smoke each and we are good
IMO this is one of the best patches in a long time. Love it.
Dude i don’t think we will get the replay system faster if they leave it up to the art and marketing department :/
I haven't played on the new patch yet, but in the patch notes it does say the game now supports 7.1 and 5.1 audio. Maybe it somehow changed your sound settings after the patch? Might be worth to check just to be sure.
Ive seen that guy on tiktok, but this was a different grandpa streamer. He plays valorant and some racing game only.
My friends are like that too. Try to find friends in-game.
as a guardian enjoyer myself I dont mind this change xd
ISO is more broken than my home was when i was a kid. But honestly, he is so fun to play that i dont even care.
Every day, I get at least one guy asking why the trip did not go away after stunning them once. Plat elo in a nutshell lol
He’s asking if it was good for a diamond elo player, the wording is confusing though
KJ turret, chamber headhunter, cypher trip, deadlock ult

i don't know what abomination i've just created but it's probably good
Diamond 1 in a Plat 2 lobby.
So is deadpool dude.
They buffed him a lot by making him able to pick up his abilities much quicker and his dizzy shoot his goo faster. They also just nerfed skye hard so gekko who fills a similar role got a little better.
Chamber got humbled real quick
Ah the classic question every gamer has before falling into the trap. 

Short answer: no skin is worth it.

 Long answer: nobody has regretted buying a skin. If you can afford it comfortably and if it'll help you have more fun playing the game, it's a good thing. Valorant skins are horrible purchases but it all depends on whether getting a skin will give you more dopamine when playing the game. And if you think that extra dopamine is worth the money in the game. They're bad expenses and you shouldn't make them. If you WANT to, nobody's stopping you.
I have a friend who refuses to play chamber because of the single tp and I know a lot of former chamber players agree with that but I think the one tp is quite nice and the boost to the speed makes it even better
Like, actually though. 

How can 3 of them be alive and decide that defusing is a better idea than methodically clearing out the smoke? 

The only correct decision to make here is to find the Viper.
You could probably take a good guess at the rank for how much util was used before a single person actually decided to swing that angle.
Mostly because low ranked valorant is super volatile

Many are there because they don't play a lot, but have good mechs and sense so they outplay their rank. Many are there because they have such terrible game sense that their good aim can't compensate. Some people it's the opposite, and some people have neither (though these people are usually iron)

There's also lots and lots and LOTS of smurfs in bronze/silver. These facts absolutely all mean you're gonna face people who are better than they should be at that rank. But at the end of the day, if you are good enough and play the game enough, you WILL get out of bronze. Just gotta stay patient and continue improving yourself and working on the things you actually can
It's not VCT people.
Just want you to know you are not old. I just turned 39 and I like to play after my kid goes to bed.  

I would say try to not focus too much on “climbing” and more on “improving”. If you learn, play, practice, watch vods, you will get better, and with that will come rank.
I have been got Valorant EUW smurfs accounts for a long time, mainly from - AgataSmurf - ,  level 20. so that you can immediately start a rating game and choose 2 agents to open them instantly, never had any problems
I'm a boomer so most of them. They talk funny. And they're too loud. Still like Tarik, but I sorely miss the cast of characters from his CSGO streams. These kids will never know
Fix the title so “title-only-johnies” dont always mute everyone. 

But yes, i agree with your point. Toxic people just bring down the mentality and suddenly, you cant do shit if it gets ruined.
This has become also annoying for me playing clove because I’ve on numerous occasions been accused of poorly smoking or throwing when it’s an enemies smoke that is covering them, not mine.
I tried it in the range and it works, if you hold op then tp and press 2 at any time during the tp you will pull out the secondary gun
No. On B site, it's that double archway from CT spawn which looks like a McDonald's sign.

If you find yourself in this situation, just ask them to ping it on the map to make it easier to locate. You'll get used to the callouts the more you play.
Smurfing is what happens when an overinflated superiority complex meets the inability to be self reflective enough to further improve
Was on tokyo for a year, they don't like you if you don't speak japanese, but that's only when they're just shit humans though, a lot just play silently as is the trend for riot games.

No comms?

 Comms is a luxury tbh
At least you didn't write ex-fiancée
idk in low elo i see way more ppl will smoke off their own team’s op lol at least let ur duelist try to get an aggro pick and then smoke the entry once they back off
Behind the TP there is a small gap, and then a wall. It never went through. Why it never went through idk. You hit the 1 pixel where it bugs out. I have seen some raze grenade enter a wall where two materials connect.

Edit: spelling
ahem.

IJKL for movement

UOMP for abilities

N for crouch

İ for reload

. for walking

7 8 9 for weapons 

0 for spike

\*for planting or diffusing spike

, for sound interactions 

right click for shooting, left click for zooming in with the weapon

There is a very sound reason for these controls.
You get a slight purple overlay when ulting as Reyna, and enemies become brighter colours.
Why don't they replace the background image with an image of the map you're going to play?? Or just show the agent in the map spawn. I always get bind and ascent mixed up I google it like once a week
A fellow Iso enjoyer. I have a few tips.

- When you run with your wall with your knife out, run THROUGH YOUR WALL. Equip undercut the moment you pass through. You will get info for a split second of where enemies are at. Enemies will try to shoot you but all you need to do is stop moving so the wall catches up to protect you. Throw your undercut and swing out. It throws people off. 

- Undercut - ok, this is going to sound weird, but think of iso's undercut as a really jank breach+omen "flash." When playing against a breach or omen, when you see the indicator of breach's concuss or omen paranoia, what do you do? You move the hell out of the way. The difference with undercut is that players will often try to fight you because they think they can out-aim you. What they don't realize is that his undercut OBSCURES their vision whether they realize it or not.  When undercut is literally in their face, they won't be landing a headshot. It's actually insane how often they miss. Then there's also the mental aspect of "oh shit, I have to kill him quickly with a headshot or else I'm dead." There's been so many times I've lived because they panic aimed. 

- Odin + undercut. You kill people in 2 body shots. You also equip the odin incredibly quickly after using undercut.

- Stinger + undercut. This is my ultimate eco buy. I will often just do this and buy my teammate a vandal because it's so effective. You can challenge virtually any gun with this combo. Even at vandal distances. 

- Sometimes you need to use your ult as an escape tool and hope that your teammates will save you. Your team will often be able to take an advantage because you took that one player off the map, resulting in them being able to save you.
I miss icebox so much
I want to see people playing their mains. That's all I care about
Hard to tell, it can bounce off of a wall and re angle, might’ve been that
I used to be like you.

But then I joined the dark side.

I embraced the brrrrrrrr of my machine gun.

And I guarantee I’m having more fun than you in the video game.
Only initiators do that
honestly, in any game where you are below mid elo, just play to bet on yourself
Seems fair.
chamber on haven 2022, the “c long incident”
They came from elbow.  You didn't clear it, you walked backwards into it when they came out.
Mostly because meta changes , agent comfortability and a lot of new incomming players i guess?
It’s named off of Grim a streamer and high ranked Val player who popularized the “battle-Sage” style of play where he would use Sage walls not to block off paths but he would prop himself to higher elevations to surprise the enemy or get a better angle on them
real
That would require me to have friends.
In french, we have no neutral plural pronoun so we use a neologism "Iel" built from masculine "il" and feminine "elle".

And it was hard at first to use it, genuinely took me a year of regular use to be comfortable with it, but it now sounds as normal as the other pronouns.

Now, I'm not Polish, but I'm sure over time people will be able to get used to it, especially since it seems to be the preferred choice by NB people in Poland!
For ranked having better aim is definitely better even though it feels kind of shallow to say that. I don’t have incredible aim or anything but there are a decent amount of people that just beam everyone and one trick Reyna up to high ranks without using their brain
If Deadlock’s Ult crosses somewhere unreachable, it stops and begins breaking. In this clip, it bounced off of some geometry on the back wall that players normally can’t reach. You can see this interaction more by shooting Deadlock’s Ult over some walls on Fracture.
Lol the og CS had demos and that game is almost 20 years old
Been the case for 4 years now since they talked about demos, i‘ll take a guess and say it‘ll never arrive
Go in public, learn how to socialize, and talk to girls. Try not to be sexist either.
I disagree, the burst with good crosshair placement can actually be way better than the spectre. There’s a reason people use ghost over spectre long range
Peeking*. Peaking is when you pop-off.
5: We still hate them.
Brimstone , there's nothing better than press a big red button and disappear with the enemy trapped on an wall
That I am bad at the game and most of the time I can’t do exactly what you want at that exact moment
Seems like you are also a victim of not knowing how to take a screenshot on your PC.
You're the one choosing to ult. The odds are as good as your decision making
- Controller

- Female

- Likely from Scotland

- Can revive in some way similar to Phoenix

I'm hyped, but recent agents have me expecting disappointment. I'm pretty sure this is the previously heard of "smoke dancer", so they've been in development for a while then.
I mean....for the same reason cypher is strong on those particular maps, the cypher counters are also strong
The agents used to have grindable contracts to get 1 gun skin for them. Now it cost kingdom credits to buy it out
Knowing how the community reacted to Chamber's reveal and Jett in the early days of the beta is every reason not to ever take posts like this seriously lol
Can’t headshot a downed kayo but knifing him wouldve worked just fine as well.
Calling sage self heal an ability by itself is like calling Bucky right click a gun. It's a second, usually non optimal option that isn't meant to be the primary use of the thing.
Yeah I hate this ngl. Intentionally going against the gameplay mechanic of movement=bad is ballsy and I respect it, but anytime I die to this sort of thing it’s just so infuriating.
Not to mention his ult and his throwable knife is to silence all abilities, making everyone in range play CS.
Yes, I came from Overwatch to Val and the fact that you can’t leave without getting penalized when you’re a man down is extremely frustrating.
Like flashy Skye?
The nice thing about video games, though, is that you can just mute them. I've actually started reading into people's mannerisms so much that I can roughly sense when they're about to start screaming or slurring before it happens.
“Pictures of their children”
This paired with the recently announced Viper nerf... Someone is trying to change the Controller meta here.
Unbind or actively not place your finger near the key
I feel like crouching in gunfights also might happen when you're autopiloting or panicking, in which case stop doing those things lol
Lobby is clueless for sure its probably an alt account of yours
I am controller main instalocker so I might not have the same problem as you but when I did instalock duelists cause, well, i get old most of the time waiting for my duelist to enter the site and do shit, just mute the team if they trash talk, lol. I just put music and do my own thing trying to win if the team decides to trash talk or say negative shit. Shits already done, agents picked, stop complaining and just be useful
Can relate as well. I never give away anything nor open my mic first and I especially don't have a girly gamertag but somehow they are able to guess that I'm a woman. Wtf how?! Harassment instincts are crazy.
0 x 2 = 0
just like my attractiveness
I rly thought the whole point was for easier grinding lol wtf
They don’t want to overwhelm players that’s why they give us icebox for 6 games in a row.
we demoting to silver with this one
What’s the difference?
I play Valorant in HDR so on my monitor it's really vibrant but when I record it using my software it presents itself in SDR mode... I've heard of fixes for this but I'm just too lazy to implement them
Have you played with a Riot employee recently? They can and do gift VP.
I saw this clip from your teammates perspective, about a week or two ago. I was wondering what your POV was.
How did you do that? Like how did you predict that something like that would happen?
that's sick
baache
Reyna easily, there's a whole lore of her massacring every non radiant in a different universe
The jealousy omg 🤣.
I'm willing to bet the warning sign is only for the tube part of the hitbox, not the sphere that shows up at the end.
reyna knows something we dont
Maybe they were doing a no guns challenge? People do dumb stuff like that a lot and troll games
ugh i know, it can be either soooo fun. or 100% horrible
One thing that changed as I played more, just accept the freak accidents as they come or else you'll just tilt. Sometimes I hit shots that just make me laugh cuz I know it was purely accidental
My guy, tracker.gg shows you your peak rank and current rank, just take her username and tag and plug it in there lol
Well isn’t that because the ult doesn’t kill, it just detains?
Yeah with that fire rate, down here in the metal ranks this will clean house.
Sponsored by Royal G
Who needs aimlabs when aimlabs is built in dm
I read the title and didn't see it as the valorant subreddit and got very confused. If its a OP i normally give it back as well.
this is correct. it doesnt kill unless the player caught gets to the point it was thrown
No I play overwatch. It’s a lot less straining than valorant for sure however the community isn’t the close to that of Val. So I play it far less but thank you for the advice
If you balance by pro league she needs a buff
Letting us play in the range while in queue and have other players join us would be all the changes I need, any kind of aim training can be done in deathmatch or kovaaks
I think the worst crowd are the after 5pm people. Kids who just got off school and shit
Spectrum
I said T spawn the other day in a game and the lobby was like HWAT? I’m like if CT is defender then T is attacker…
Why not just become a right handed
Getting Immo> having a life 

 there's definitely more people succeeding in becoming an engineer than valorant players becoming Immortal 🤓
Because the Valorant community thinks they are always right lol
She is kinda terrible. She isn't very effective at what she is meant to do (counter movement agents), and she is otherwise in direct competition with (and inferior to) Sage.

However, like with most agents, I'd you practice with her you can get more out of her than people expect. Like, Cypher recently got some buffs, and I see people playing him because they think he's OP, but they have no idea what they're doing, don't know setups, and are maybe getting like 40% value out of his util. I'm sure it's kinda the same way with Deadlock where there's a lot you can squeeze out of her util if you know how. There are some really devastating ult lineups, for example. I know a couple and they're so effective.

Also she will surely be getting more buffs. It may take a while but they've already buffed her a little and it clearly wasn't enough. I don't know if she'll ever be meta or S tier, but she will be at least as viable as Sage eventually.
Premier Launch Champion Int Buddy
And even at 4 kills your teammates shouldn’t just throw for your sake. At best those teammates should use their util to help you take a favorable fight/ get info for it
I was playing Breach once in dm and I hs'd a Killjoy and he just yells out "NERD"  never heard that one before it got me good.
CS2, please, RELEASE
Not sure if this is intended, but I reported it to the team. Thanks for sharing!
watch woohoojin pls he talks about this in his newest vid
You know why no one is talking about this? Because they actually read the damn TOS, don’t write a whole essay making a big deal of nothing
You aren't wrong, but if you are doing it all the time, especially way too early in the round, you could be doing much more productive stuff the team.  Droping smokes, setting up crossfires and trades, using astra util, pinging enemies with cam, etc.

You don't always need to watch flank, especially if the enemy team hasn't shown that they are pushing aggressively or lurking whatsoever.  You can always just use a few good trips to watch flanks until they show you they can actually apply pressure that way.
Your rank is Modern warfare 3
We were dominating most of the game until they started to comeback, needed to stop the momentum and avoid an eco round if we did lose this round
Solution: have the KJ playing Op. Haha my turret just broke your shield and now i can obliterate u, cry abt it.
I’ve done this to someone else before . They added me in the past and I rarely accept friend requests , but I recognized his name so I did this and they were surprised . It’s not a bug, just something that happens when you play against someone that you’ve played with before
this, this fucking right here is my biggest small frustration that i'll lose years in my life over. 

"the game hasn't started yet" YES IT HAS, get into position, it's not 10/20/30 seconds to dick around on your phone, it's time to get into position, buy your util etc. People who sit in spawn till round start are the bane of my existence. 

Them disapearing would be my greatest joy, if i had 3 wishes  i would spend 2 just to make sure they're gone

For refference (plat1 level)
the wrong play together is always better than the right play alone
I was surprised as well. It felt so smooth and the focus addition is well thought out. They did a fantastic job really!
The only reason I can come up with is they are simulating the on stage experience. Tournament organizers are incompetent fucks that give players PCs that can only do 120-200 fps, sometimes drop to 60. This can be due to outdated hardware or they run a lot of background processes and not allow players to turn them off.

This is also why most pro players still use 500/1000hz polling rate and the lowest graphic settings.
“you want more?? here’s more”
Undress, cover yourself with oil, and get on your bed with your cheeks spread. Now he has content of you without your consent so you can report him
The fact that he describes in a few words how to play a comp decently and can understand it better than 80% of the instalock duelists is hilarious lol
[https://www.reddit.com/r/ValorantPBE/comments/1bwvxsu/april\_5\_2024\_valorant\_pbe\_patch\_notes\_807\_bug/](https://www.reddit.com/r/ValorantPBE/comments/1bwvxsu/april_5_2024_valorant_pbe_patch_notes_807_bug/)

they did btw, coming out next patch
My biggest pet peeve in high ascendant/low immo is the “it’s just a game relax” people or the no comms people. The fun for me is playing competitively with everyone working together. If these people don’t want to talk while playing a tactical FPS then just play unranked. Idk maybe in the minority but the fun for me is playing seriously not casually.
I NEED to see the Kayo POV lol
Yup. I was playing against a smurfing Breach a couple days ago and it was honestly more miserable than a smurfing duelist. He'd literally stun and flash all the right spots and it felt like I couldn't even fight back.
The part where you whiffed your molly was so hard to watch
Bros gonna commit a mass murder 💀💀
Not gonna lie... I'm in same scenario. 😭😭
Is this in comp? oof
Ok just a note. The rocket missing, probably a bug of some sort, that sucks.

However there is a basic rule you should try to consider when you aim for better results, basically always keep your crosshair where the enemies heads will be, aka don't look down. It will make it so instead of a slow body spray kill you can really quickly one tap someone.

Also i'd advise against run and gunnin unless you're using the smgs or shotguns.
Nice shots...but wtf? I was cracking up at the spike shenanigans.
I've seen Russian blogpost about Clove from RIOT. It has zero 'neopronouns', they only use 'agent', 'Clove' in english so it's gender neutral, second gender neutral and third gender neutral. 

For me it reads very 'dry' like something is missing in text. It reads like some manual about a product or a brand, no one would write something like that about a person.
I think it was the same with deadlock, you couldnt get her with xp for the first couple of days, i guess they didnt plan for anyone to grind that much xp in 2/3 days so you just couldnt get them. Dw, give it a day and you will unlock him
It shouldn’t even be a vote and it should be automatic
Judge with the range of an op
I don’t know that about harbor but for Gekko I thought he was because he has those markings on his arms that glow like Jett when he uses his creatures and Reyna took him under her wing possibly indicating he’s a radiant she’s trying to guide like she does neon
Although it sucks to not get something that you hold a company accountable for, I prefer this model of communication where you will feel let down occasionally as opposed to say Valve’s way of never having something to look forward to. Radio silence vs. Over-communication I choose the former.
You would faster with knife out whether you’re holding shift or not. 

Just think of shift as a % reduction in speed, so the speed of walking with knife is > the speed of walking with a weapon in hand
IM DEAD

OOT ME
AHHH

AHHHHH
WAHH
probably work on shooting people, preferably in the head.
That's crazy. They should nerf chamber
You can destroy iso shield balls if you are on the enemy side
“Let’s go, cocks sticking”
The real reason is because Riot is waiting until they run out of new skin ideas so they can roll out their super duper premium skin sets which are just recycled premium skin sets but the knives have finishers and it costs $25 more.
The release was big enough for China to get its own league. China is the 2nd most populated country in the world. Having official servers means more players and attention overall since people in central China had really bad ping since they couldn't get a consistent connection and advertisements were basically non-existent since the game technically wasn't supposed to exist in China.
I don't think anyone expected anything else
Let me start by saying that I know that Elo Hell is a myth and it was not the reason I was stuck in Bronze. But the minute I promoted to Silver a couple days ago, my teammates actually felt like they had brain cells, and I’ve unironically gone 17-3 and I’m on the cusp of Gold currently.
Astra. She’s basically the Aurelian Sol of League. Only game balance makes them poo poo
High Gold-plat? The omen tp onto site without clearing elbow scared me a little lol 

But your reaction time is really good, nice clip dude
Yeah entirely ego to try and prove to themselves they're a good player. Reality is that regardless of youre rank or even if youre a pro player you fucking suck at this game and should be better.
Map pool is shit. I personally have played very little this Act, and I usually GRIND this game.
Oh the good old days. Iron was a beautiful period in my life. Not caring about shit, just walking into site, spamming util.....
You’d be surprised
Seriously? I’m a bit embarrassed to tell a therapist “yeah I think I’m addicted to a 5v5 tactical shooter”
>And bearing in mind that gloves are used to prevent burns due to the heat that gun barrels absorb when fired

Gloves are just for general hand protection, even in the military. Pretty much all firearms do not need you to touch the actual barrel itself, it's usually inside a shroud, handguard, forestock, rail system, etc, or there is somewhere else you can grip or brace the front of the weapon instead of the barrel, such as a foregrip or even the magazine.

If you really, absolutely, must have a source, here is a random one from the United States Army found I found just for laughs:

>[The Army Combat Glove protects the Soldier’s hands while moving/carrying equipment, navigating through rough terrain and during the conduct of combat operations.](https://www.peosoldier.army.mil/Equipment/Equipment-Portfolio/Project-Manager-Soldier-Survivability-Portfolio/Gloves-Army-Combat/#:~:text=The%20Army%20Combat%20Glove%20protects,the%20conduct%20of%20combat%20operations.)
the ultimate gets stuck sometimes. sometimes it makes sense (like through tp), sometimes it makes no sense like it getting stuck on the tiny ledge by the box.
Its weekly? Really? I don’t doubt it could easily take someone up to a decade to get something they want. Classic valorant moment with the most consumer friendly monetization
1600 DPI 0.9 is pretty high

Are you sure it's correct?
Prob Pearl. Near the ocean
They hate it because they don't know how to play around it.
Ive never seen 10 min replication queue, i always found my games after a minute at max
cure cancer by baiting the op
It means to toggle your hacks on as a way of masking the cheats. If you always have it on it would be more obvious than someone that turns it on intermittently. This came from CS when you could specate the enemies in pubs and the hacker would toggle off if they had lots of people watching.
Same reason you can pick up cypher cages preround but not after, in case you fuck em up. I agree that they should be able to be picked up mid round tho
Damn this is probably the best version of aim assist I've seen. It still definitely helps, but it also isn't a tuned down aim bot.
Ascendant 1 level 110 no it doesnt mean anything but playtime
The thing is im loving phantom now but sometimes it tilts me
Legend
You can hear the sound faintly if the camera is watching you, so some cypher players look up or away to keep you in peripheral and play off of sound or place it far so the sound is super silent when it reaches you
But they were 4 and no one protects/has vision on spike? Does this happen often in that elo? Or just because everyone wanted the last kill?
Two bullets shot in direct succession and two coletarals, the chances of this happening are so slim you can consider yourself the first one to do it, lol.
Nothing done here is really neon specific. Any agent would be able to do this. She ran a little when not in combat.
Braindead advice for every gun recoil in CS is down left right
This is going to be the Juggernaut patch of Valorant
Man that’s so crazy. For wild rift you had to start fresh. But with that I think there won’t be any console exclusive skins since it synced. 

Also where’s my wild rift on console I’ve been waiting years for it.
It's wild that there still isn't a demo/replay system in a big esport like Valo
Not worthless, it's just bronze NPCs slapping them down on flank and then surprise Pikachu face when they get flanked.

They're not used that way and people all the way up to immortal think they are. They could still be improved though for sure, especially if they could be picked up
Isn't this old?
Plus the duo argument is useless anyway, the penalty for being afk is worse if the remake is voted against. If the game is remade it's just a dodge penalty.
Hehe blue mask go brrr
It's a nice clip!

Whether it's "good" is hard to say as everyone has a different opinion on what makes a clip good. For example it seems these enemies are not the best players and if you're a top 5 Widowmaker I'm pretty sure your aim is already better than 99% of players you will meet in lower elo so it probably makes it very easy for you. Doing this against better players would be much harder and therefore more impressive.

TLDR: Just enjoy your clips and as long as you're happy with them they're good :)
Yeah and something I noticed too, she's the only agent with reyna to have no recharging ability signature. (Maybe i forgot another agent, not sure) so once her abilities are all used, she can only use her weapon and brain.
This is the first competitive valo series I watched and it was a banger lmao
What a clown. They watch too much of those cringy valorant e-dating tiktoks
yoru is an initiator with mobility
Holy good job, 14 bullet ace is insane
Omen being lower than harbor should be expected, because harbour is only picked on two maps in the entire game.
That's most likely delay from your measuring system somewhere along the way, look at the actual sound output waveform of your computer compared to measuring with a microphone, also try increasing the frame rate, and running in the practice range locally to remove server delay
there's no rarity levels for skins, except the exclusives - VCT, Arcane and China release skins. Shop is random.
I had fun playing 8.11 Iso. Now back to smokes XD
I love vadal scins
Omen will still pick up the spike automatically.
That seems to be the assumption every one else who commented was acting on. If you can get 9 others together you can get 5 and play premier. Same shit but you don't have to organize the other 5
No official release doesn't mean the game is blocked. They simply created and played on APAC accounts.
Yes, after spending enough time here on this sub I've learned the only people who DEFEND smurfing are smurfs themselves. And just as a psa: smurfing IS a form of cheating/exploiting. Try to justify it all you want but if you actively smurf your opinion is immediately null and void
Two things 

1. Why does an immortal character need to stay behind with the times? There's no reason to think they'd not follow the latest fashion trends

2. Why would an immortal person need to be old? Clove could be 10 and still be immortal
haha it was my older brother which i dont mind too much LOL
The entire game would get bored if you play that long enough
Very on brand for the duelist to be blasting music instead of listening to game sounds.
Before I call one shot, low hp, cracked, w/e I have a mental checklist I run through. “Are they playing Reyna/phoenix?” “Do they have a Skye or sage? Are they alive?” If the answer is yes, I don’t call it. Just position and maybe what gun they have if it’s not a vandal or phantom.
I actually think recoil patterns are a pro. Makes it less rng and more practice makes perfect.
I don’t know why I automatically assumed the title is sarcastic
That's luck or having to hold clone to be ready for it. That's wildly different to Iso's ability, which is *free* and can pay a bit for a second one, being able to swing an op from start of round and again with every kill *for free* is absurd.
its a feature
Hi, I'm the one who made the Twitter post :)

It's same as Odin/Operator/Guaridan.
We had a cool base gun right up until the patch they add a premium skin for it, huh?


I'm sure that's just a coincidence.
after winning a round u should use that money to buy a duplex and renovate into 2 homes and live in 1 n rent out the other.
then when u win another round repeat the cycle 
congratulations you're a millionaire
Killua

any name that ends or starts with katakana shi or tsu  
1000 characters chinese usernames

any name starting with PRX or SEN
The most important one of all.

? = “are you fucking stupid?”
You seem to be asking yourself a lot of questions during the game. I just run around and shoot everything in my way
Fine apology at least he didn’t try to lie harder
Why? I am a plat player. 
I made a new account and got plat again. Seems like it's working to me..
"I'd let you live, but that does not compute."
He just like me fr
an ability to watch your own games. cmon, it’s almost 2024 already and we still don’t have it
They should, but that leads to a lower number of accounts, which also means fewer skins purchased. Pretty sure Riot cares more about profit than competitive integrity
I would award if I wasn’t poor.
Average phantom user, buys a phantom and proceeds to try and tap heads.

Phantom = Spray which leads to head.

Vandal = Spray which is caused by you missing the head.

The Riot Dev Data Leaks confirm this
My laugh was diabolical tho
When kayo gets a killed and said “Kay-O”
I always liked that line
Thats why I don't play lineup characters. Im a real man if i wanna learn lineups i go to cs
And when I ask for flash they say stop crying .
Iron. Astra has no headphones.
Best is tree vandal

Worst is any of those green screen ones
I'm good and I've heard roza and that's it
We don't want another Omen /s
how does kj not turn from hearing the tp? gotta be iron 🤣🤣
number one tip is play and actively just try to improve. Obviously there are lots of specific tips while they are good, might overwhelm you if you're trying to do too much at the start of your playing. Just have fun, communicate with your teammates and learn the maps. then after you start feeling comfortable would be the best time to start learning mechanics and strats etc. But just learn to have fun and get used to it first! enjoy
That spot used to have a hookah inside it in the beta.
Nice shots can you share those crosshair codes I wanna try them out
Trust me: If you're still in Iron, that's not 'cause your teamates are trolls. Everyone in Iron plays like a troll.
Unrated also has matchmaking. It's just less strict and you can queue up with other people. But it still will try to match you to enemies with similar skill levels
Or just become targer practice on the fly path with absolutely no chance for teammates to trade
Someone with a brain. If ISO is played quite literally in almost every game now (especially high elo). You know there is a problem and he is broken. The dude is a tank now. It’s prime Blackbeard all over again except he has even more shields and has the ability to tank awp shots, raze ult, sova ult, etc. Pretty much every game I’ve played an iso is top fragging. It’s become a crutch agent. Got all these kids playing it who think they are insane at the game now and the second he gets nerfed back to reality, they drop 100+ rr.
Shut up, strong 1v1
Its always funny watching my friends slowly rank up. Thinking they wont have to deal with low elo problems in higher elo. The torture never stops my friends. The throwers, the afk'ers, the no mics, the trollers, the instalockers. It literally never stops. The only difference in low elo and high elo is the guy in low elo is going to get 15 kills and be satisfied. The guy in high elo is going to get 10 and blame you for **him** not getting more kills.
I usually play with 5 stacks but on rare occasions I end up duo or trio with a loudmouth friend who tries to shit talk and I always have to kinda keep em in check. Sure our yoru's going 2/11 i don't like it but atleast hes genuinely just trying and failing, not like throwing or anything so keeping him motivated is atleast gonna help his mental rather than just shitting on him
Rare Riot W.

Not only it actually helps with the constant spam, it actually helps solidify Odin/Ares niche, as you'll now actually have to commit to buying those guns if you want to play spam-heavy.
It took me around 3 months to completely finish :)
I want to have an indoor only map
Do you just wanna repeat that until someone agrees with you?
I JUST SAW A TIKTOK OF A NEON KILLING AN ISO IN HIS OWN ULT WITH A BUCKY
Have you tried trolling the enemy so they become too busy typing responses to actually play??? That’s the next evolution.
Bro is using the sheriff wrong, is proven wrong and told how to do it right, doubles down and insults to cope, is deservedly made fun of for how confidently wrong he was. Life is good.
not fun to play against cypher either. not fun to have to play with bums that no comm half of your games being forced to play agents that can carry  that shit aint fun either but here we are still playing.
I don't understand why there's discussion. If he had an omen account where he was radiant he would be able to show proof. "I have this thing believe me but I will not show it to you" is how 6 year Olds lie. Woohoojin is a low immortal player who has good coaching skills. Nothing more nothing less.
I can’t stand the lack of social awareness of redditors sometimes. He couldn’t be more clearly sarcastic there
The original meme is like several minutes long, way longer than I thought
There’s just no way you survived after ultimate from that spot

Jesus
There's no aim assist on pc?
Its way too late to just dump her now. Mby she could be reworked to be more built around her flash.
Yoru's a complex, high skill floor agent, teams didn't yet understand how to incorporate him into the maps he was strong at because the teamplay and coordination just wasn't there. He also couldn't compete with the jett/chamber op meta because his tp is slow compared to them. 

However most pro's understood yoru was insanely strong, now that Jett/chamber have been nerfed teams have the incentive to master yoru and integrate him into the comp.
I think players with low graphics settings won't be able to see that panel so it doesn't have hitbox. Not sure tho
I play the game, I am fully aware of it!
I just need data to support my hypothesis!
Yes. Good players would always notice the camera anyway, this just make some bad players feel better.
Ok but doesn't it usually just not go off and just get reset? Why didn't that hapen here?
Wasn’t Icebox reworked before it got pulled out? Meanwhile Pearl has gotten a rework while staying in rotation. I don’t think there’s a strict rule determining which stays and which goes.
I think that time shows how much longer they had until it was defused. The value was probably between lower than 0.005s so was rounded down. This is the closest I’ve ever seen though, nice job man.
Started with Sage because of self heal and her abilities are straightforward. Then switched to Skye because of group heals and better util for the team. Finally landed on Omen because nobody seems to enjoy smoking, and he's more fun to play than Brim imo.
Who’s the 5th wheel lmao
Is everyone in this subreddit immortal? so many redditors stuck in silver so they hate on anything ranked above them to cope with where they’re stuck.
Mix of both, aim at upper chest and clip some head shots
I think similar or the same as what happened when people left during Premier.

One round is played out, someone gets an easy knife ace. Next round starts, automatically handing your team the win.
She prob loses her role as solo controller, I don't think there's much impact to her as a pick for lurky maps (Split/Lotus). Her Q/Mollies aren't why you pick her there anyways
You knew raze walked through at the start, should have stopped holding showers after killing the 4th. Well played overall
He wanted to save breach the embarrassment after that one tap trust
Valorant has a generally younger playerbase than LOL and CS, Riot said that [70% of the playerbase is zoomers](https://dotesports.com/valorant/news/valorant-has-doubled-its-monthly-player-base-thanks-to-the-zoomers). In my experience, the frequency of children in matches also greatly depends on elo and time of day. For example, if you queue Bronze lobbies on a Saturday morning, you'll get a bunch of snot pickers who are queued up with their little buddies and have a Tenz stream playing on their tablets. If you queue in Diamond+ at 4am, I can almost guarantee that most players will be college aged or older.
+ it has to be “ntnt” not “nt”

“ntnt” sounds more forgiving
Instalocking fragger is any day better than whiffing filler
Oh nice! Cant wait to do this in solo ranked with my teammates!
It’s the meta shifting that causes updates like these. Cypher cam makes audio when it’s activated/deactivated, as to alert enemies that there’s a cam nearby — so players realised it’s often much better to just sit with the cam active the entire time. This is becoming more prevalent as players discover it, and makes him stronger. Thus a balancing change.

Not saying I agree, it’s just how balancing metas works.
5 coordinated brim ult+molly literally clear whole side and 15 smokes with 20 second is uhhh

I dont even want to think 5 viper on defense

5 breach.... _vietnam flasbacks_


Other ones are at least bearable unlike those 3
Because people like you get upset and come complain about it on Reddit. Reality is more that while you may not respond, they’ll find someone on the next game that will. 

It takes absolutely 0 effort for them and they lose nothing when they get ignored and get entertained when someone doesn’t ignore them.
It wouldn't have hurt to say "Jett Hookah" over the mic, but I wouldn't say you baited. You were doing your job as smoke, Fade is just mad they died
Your friend doesn't know how to play duelist. Tell him to watch a few guides, he needs the confidence! Or even transition to a Sentinel role if he enjoys lurking. But if it's holding you back so much, just solo queue. You can play unrated with him.
The absolute state of low elo 😭
As someone who were a keyboard bully (and ashamed af from it), it's true, I confirm this.
Im jiggle peeking the tumor
oh no
i was reading your post and about to say "have your skye/fade/sova push him out"

You've got to be trolling
I’m 27, immortal every act. I promise you you’re not too old to enjoy a hobby. A lot of people in top percentile and content creators are in our age group too
Wow smoking off trip… totally never seen that before ._.
splatoons competitive system did this pretty well imo. since matches are 5 minutes max, if anyone disconnects before one minute it’s a draw, with only the person who disconnected being penalized. if someone disconnects after one minute, the team with the disconnect doesn’t lose any points **but** if they win they will still get points. opponent who still have full team lose points upon loss and win points upon win
Nah Usain Bolt is definitely a radiant.
Idk if I started sucking this act after not MMOs for weeks or a combination with this episode’s rank reset but I’ve been getting shit on on current silvers/golds (I was previously plat last act)
I flip between Virginia and Georgia servers and can speak to OPs experiences. It’s a fucking cancer.

Edit: Plat players have been overwhelmingly the nicest. Golds are bitter humans.

Second edit: OP, mute all chat. There’s no benefit unless you’re trying to piss the enemy off or push them into fighting. I’ve literally won games because my team bullied an enemy player into throwing.
You could probably easily get past bronze if you spent any time practicing. If your looking to rank up plenty of great guides to help get you to gold. Congrats on your new peak.
What do you mean by "glowing", it does not glow. That seems to be a cross hair with an outline. Wherever the video is from ask them for the cross hair settings, for sure they won't mind sharing and you will get the exact same one.
Gekko's a radiant as he summons his creatures and they aren't from our world
I’m sure people will respond to this in a normal and mature way, because of course, for most people this is something that doesn’t affect them or the way they play the game at all, and for non binary players it’s representation I’m sure they’ll appreciate.

*Checks Twitter replies*

Yeah… that’s about what I expected.
same, I'm not spending a penny on this game so I'm so used to having the default gun that every other skin gives me an insane buff
this update made me learn there's a comms wheel, I use the radio commands or map commands
Most likely as a joke:

Either they lost horribly, so it's an ironic statement, or because it was actually easy: there was no contest, so no one even had to sweat before the match ended.

Or the match was very close, so it's 100% an ironic statement and the game was not easy, be it a win or a loss.
Short of knowing for certain that they'll die and give it to the enemy team before they shoot it; yes. Keep in mind that not everyone wants a gun purchased for them, they might be deliberately saving etc.

It's a team game, if you can afford an extra gun and your team mate doesn't have one, you're handicapping the team by not buying them one.
small indie company moment
Post your tracker, but you are likely playing too KDA focused 
On her way here, she dashed by some homeless guy and stole the food he just bought with a days worth of begging money
Yes, that’s the whole reason we’re trying to plant the spike and extract it. The spike is some sort of a teleportation device or something. So the attackers are invading another version of earth and stealing their radianite.
It's unnecessary in Valorant, but a good habit to keep up if you plan on playing both games concurrently. I believe the number is that you're accurate 0.3 seconds faster if you counter strafe in Val, so yeah, pretty superfluous.
You know why they call it a breakup? Cause she broke and you up 🤧
No money to render all agents the whole game.
What are you saving your ult for? Fuckin Christmas? Just use it you can get it back.
Brim the real MVP here
The opposing team dumped so much util only to be aced. All I’m seeing is a successful round.
Servers are still under maintenance in NA west
Don't forget about Jett
Holy fuck they butchered my girl
Bind: Waiting for steps b long and flashing  
Split Mid Sage Wall or instant Raze nade into Ramen ( was very common in beta btw )  
Ascent:  B, with KJ Turret spotting and on contact Odin Wallbang or Shock dart, A Main one way
I was about to swing an angle and then my shield got broken by a fucking kj turret and I died cause of that 💀
No, it grabs first person hit
Could be gekko
I just saw another post here of a Reyna surviving a 160 vandal hs in the ult so ig it’s possible
Mf staring at toes.
They REALLY need to do something about Icebox and Breeze sites if they want other controllers to be playable.
**Let's see.** **Battles are won by geniuses.** **And I am a genius**
I'm turning 40 next year

I'm almost always the oldest player in any given lobby

You get used to it

One of the most common questions I get asked is "Do you have kids?" and I like to mess with people by replying "No, why, are you volunteering?"
I wouldn't be surprised if there's other people abusing it. But yeah, maybe they're stupid or maybe they know.
"To be clear, in Project A, shooting matters. You don’t kill with abilities. Abilities create tactical opportunities to take the right shot. Characters have abilities that augment their gunplay, instead of fighting directly with their abilities."

I love this copypasta
There is a rule but if you are mad cuz someone steel your ace you are just bad at the game xD
The good ones yes. Agent contracts and maybe a few other methods let you get ones that are just a different color scheme.
Pearl, please take that spamfest out
Cause it hurts his ego
For classic they probably didn't want too much competition with team skins. But yeah, the amount of sheriff skins is crazy.
His recent contents (unless clickbait) are literally all just throwing shades or shit talking other people, I view his thumbnails and the basis are all the same
Hotel : trivago
I'm playing battlebit a bit atm, very good.
These condescending corpos be all woke and inclusive on one hemisphere and suck up to fascists in the other. what a world
Good luck getting a single controller on your team in solo queue much less two of them. Two duelists are locked immediately and at that point to get double controller you'll need to sacrifice one role.
To be fair, it's 8-10 and we don't know what's happened so far in the game. I can see why he's frustrated being the only one firing 5 Sheriff shots at Omen on cat while his own Omen is right next to him and just lining up his teleport (dying immediately after), and Phoenix is also at mid but walking up when half his team is already spotted there.
It has a good ranking system. The ranked queues in Australia csgo were dog awful. Faceit also is terrible in Australia because of the low population that plays it. Every match was unbalanced.
It’s just ‘confirmed’ on the wiki.
Idk people usually get vocal when I take the spike in spawn
You’re the only person who has reading comprehension it seems xd
Looks like packet loss, not poor internet speed. You can have fast internet that drops a ton of packets, so your game will constantly reverse actions you just took.
Not necessarily team killing. You can bait them with flashes giving info or whatever. You can pull your knife and follow that guy to the ends of the earth just to let him die in front of you so you can pick up his gun
Nah, I have them for a reason
I was on a call with partner (and streaming val to them) and was telling them about the little monster truck buddy that was on the phantom that I had picked up from some person on the other team. And I didn’t know about the glitch then and the Reyna on my team said “yeah the little monster truck” and the bit for the rest of the game was “do it for the little monster truck!!” Best game so far with the glitch
Imo the worst part is when you start feeling like an vending machine. I remember one game when I had 3 teammates ask me for guns every single round as I have skins for every gun and it just becomes incredibly annoying.
You gotta start turning my dude
It's called the Outlaw- it has 2 bullets in the chamber, costs $2400 (fires quickly and consecutively similarly to the shorty) and it does 140dmg per shot specifically to counter light armor + rifle meta.
As a duelist main who takes space and fills agressive initiators if needed, I can agree
Yeah but doesn’t he preach not blaming teammates and only focusing on yourself? 

And even then it’s different since WHJ thinks they are throwing BECAUSE it’s him. Which I think is straight copium.
Also, this type of account sharing is against TOS for Valorant, and is Bannable. But influential figures are obviously harder to crack down on. We have seen this in that past.
Sometimes maybe goods sometimes maybe shit
Pretty much $100 for a skinline… I know its been done before but holy shit riot.
Sorry to say but a draw is a draw. It's nor a win or a loss.

Having said that, if my team comes back from a big deficit and then we draw, I'll take it as a win as we would lose most games under those circumstances. If it's the other way around and we lost a big advantage, the draw feels like a lost opportunity.

Either way, when the vote pops up I take into consideration my performance in relation to the team. If I'm playing worse than my team mattes I'll vote to continue, cause if I play better we probably win. But if I'm the best player on the team I'll vote to draw, cause I don't trust that the others will play good enough to win.
I remember the biggest nerf to cypher was when they temporarily removed the ability to spam g-g-g-g when attempting to ult lmao
How did Ares get reloaded...?
Stupid fnatic mem incoming
Always flick down when shooting raze ults, if you aim at the body, there's a chance it will pass through it entirely, and sometimes it won't. But hitting the ground below them is going to result in a kill 95% of the time (sometimes this too does not work, the rocket is just very wonky in general)
Bc I can just enjoy playing the game, I don’t need anything to incentivize it like a rank.
Agustx88 is a black radiant that mains Skye and used to be active up to two months prior on YT, I'm not sure whether he still streams but there's that.
Spray transfer = skill  

Most other people attempting to spray transfer will not do it
"how are you kitten?"
Lots of irons in the replies outing themselves. Just bugged out cypher ult, the scan didn't show her through the wall in A main so it's just unlucky. Sounds like it showed for your team mates however.
You do realize that the dev team just probably doesnt get the budget or go-ahead to make something like this because the higher ups decide it's better to have a bigger budget on the skins team
Skye summons Cthulhu entire world goes mad.
Turn on Monitor
Shot through the prowler. If you mouse over dmg dealt it shows you more details including that shot being a wallbang.
That’s what it seems like. Someone fell off in the trailer
Bro thinks sheriff is a machine gun
Can you buy a gun buddy and play more games to rehit the 10k credit the same day and buy ankther gun buddy???
Babyraging at smokes players is how most randos cope with having bad games. Gotta just learn to mute them when it happens, 99% of the time it's pure nonsense anyway.
Best map in the game by far in my opinion. Basic and balanced.
TL;DR


Sorry your aim sucks
I agree very underrated
Not at all. 

That being said, I come from a CSGO background, so a dedicated awper or OPer is nothing strange to me.

Some people have bad aim but good game sense, so they gravitate towards smgs and shotguns.

Some people have good aim but bad game sense and gravitate to holding angles with rifles.

And some people are good at just locking down lanes with an op.

It's all about playing to your strengths
Boom roasted
Not to mention that people do play fps games on console. It's not that much of a transition from COD or Battlefield to Valorant. OP acts as if consoles came out the same time Valorant on consoles came out
Swing everything, full sprint whenever not taking a fight so you don't get free gunfights that don't help you improve. I went from immortal 3 to radiant 700rr just grinding dms like this.
diamond 2. correct!
He was caught match fixing in cs. Then he went to valorant and found team sentinels. Was doing great for a while then somehow got kicked out by his own team.
Aimbot
I just use the technique called "I don't give a fuck, I'm playing a game, not playing my life"

And all my games are enjoyable (except when I get one-shotted every round)
bold of you to assume people will voluntarily play double smokes outside of scrims
I have had this exact bug and it was a cypher I saw too, though this was on fracture a while ago. My friends reaction watching me was the same as yours lmfao
I am going to grab your ears right now. Listen to me. Level number doesn't mean fucking shit. There are level 50 Ascendants and level 300 iron players. It literally just tracks time played. Putting you into ranked will just throw the match for everyone else. You know nothing about the game, so just be patient. If you don't enjoy unrated you won't enjoy ranked.
Omen viper dynamic was always interesting but this add a whole lot more to it. Exciting
that would take away precious time from them churning out overpriced skins
It would be cool, but there are some abilities that you wouldn't even be able to inspect because they are quick cast.
Guardians are amazing for practice and eco and most people don’t use them enough, HOWEVER they are not better than Vandals/Phantoms. They serve a specific niche.

I think for newer players it’s good to force yourself to use the Guardian and Sheriff just to get used to aiming for the head.
You think Valorant is their highest grossing game over League?
Don't DM to win, focus on aiming and not just crouch spraying. Try to focus on one taps and wining your fights. Practice in the range with bots for a while and at least two DMs. If you aren't feeling it that day don't que, you'll just tilt faster and won't play your best. When you do play focus on being consistent and playing with your team. It sounds weird but don't worry about your rank and you'll start improving. Don't play scared. Might have some people who disagree but I finally hit ascendant with that mentality. GL!
Dm on sunset is the worst imo.
Low key I think it would make cyphers ult way more useful. Imagine ur just chillin holding an angle and then all of the sudden ur pinged
Wow.
as a low elo player the last paragraph is especially true. i regularly get caught using abilities, when just sticking to my guns wouldve been enough and not get me killed
His agent gun buddy is an airpods case, so maybe that's just what they are
We also have a lesser known tactic called rushing towards that one enemy we detained without info about the rest of the enemies :^)
He has a punchable face
You overworked him broda, Give him some rest before he decides to quit in you 😅😅😅
Wow!! I didn’t expect this in depth of a response, thank you so much! Do you mind if I take another clip and send it to you or something where I try to take what you said in mind please??
what do you mean the shear terror of being mid animation while someone is shooting at you is what fuels this clip
for real i got that once too where some dude that plays exactly like me and plays the exact same agents as me went 8L-0W on a day.

shame on him tbh
You touched grass, I think you're in a healthier place now. Just play for fun now.. dont look back
Harbor/Astra/Deadlock have shit pickrates
That’s nothing new tbh. Demon1 is pretty big into shittalking so it wouldn’t surprise me if someone’s pissed at him
Your odds of winning a full save against a half-buy are probably 20% if you play the round normally.

If you stack a site and choose correct it's much closer to a 50/50 winning the round. 

If you stack a site and choose wrong then your odds of winning a retake are probably on 15%.
Tarik, s0m, xeppa, hiko, all have funny personalities, tenz is great to watch play from a skill perspective but he’s very quiet. 
Aren't they so this for every region? Like APAC was like that even before franchising.
FNS is a treat to watch. And he usually plays with s0m. So you get two of the best streamers. It's usually funny.
As a new player, I have terrible game sense. I sometimes don’t even realize when someone is at 4+ kills in a round.
An alternate definition is when an instalock Reyna dies while lurking mid and you didn't teleport to him and help him kill someone
[https://www.twitch.tv/matagisnipers](https://www.twitch.tv/matagisnipers) <-- insane !
You are only queued up with teammates with a similar skill level so there's no need for you to feel bad. You are queuing with exactly the people you should be queuing with.

If someone is flaming you, mute, and move on.
I like breeze but that is mostly because I am a viper/sova main, both pretty strong there. Lotus is weird, that is true, and massively depends on whether your team is communicating or not (in relation to enemy team of course). I get more and more warm with sunset, and since I did some actual prep on fade it feels like I actually know what I am doing (mostly because I know what I am doing more than before).
It’s 1 instance, so it could be 1 op shit, 1 tick from a Molly, I headshot from a vandal sheriff.

So yeah it’s awful against DoTs ie mollies
Nah you’d be surprised
Instalocking bot fragging toxic duelists who are scared af to get an entry. I’ve played with them for so long, I have basically learned to get an entry with cypher.
"I'm gonna go aggro when I'm blinded. What can go wrong?" - Reyna, probably
I literally can’t trash talk. I once typed ggez but my brain forced me to apologize. Occasionally I’ll laugh at a misused ability but I’ll still add sorry,
Breach is pretty good
Well, I managed to unlock Cypher in a week with the new system, and I'm very casual, only playing swiftplays. On the other hand, before the Kingdom Credits I had to grind for months just to get Skye, Gekko and Fade
Deadlock is the best meta agent right now. Pro players pick her all the time and has the highest winrate in ranked at any rank.
Get better Pc 10-30 fps is unplayable
bring back Pearl for God's sake
Maybe stopping the wall could make it breakable like Harbor's cove, with the exception that it fully disappears when broken?



I don't think Iso's vulnerable or ult need buffs tbh, his main issues are getting traded while he's aiming for the orb, and the wall lacking versatility.
It’s scared of showing you how much you spent 💀
Only bad players hate it because its a high-skill map
They are the most versatile that’s why they’re chosen. For example you don’t really want an op at shorty-range or a judge on retake. You can easily kill someone from a very long distance or right in front of you with a vandal.
When I'm rotating to the other site and I hear the enemy Viper say "Welcome to my world!" I just groan at how difficult the retake is going to be. Not scary per se, but troublesome. 

Cypher's is probably the scariest because I know it'll likely lead to confident swings and/or util dumping on my position. I hate the idea of being a sitting duck, so I tend to act after being revealed (counter util, swinging to nullify the reveal anyway etc.), but it does force me to do these at unideal times.
Some CS players are weirdly proud about how toxic and sexist their community are. There are always these "funny" clips where an entire team would agree to kicking a teammate as soon as they find out it's a woman. Valorant e-dating might be cringe, but I'd rather be cringe than be a bigot.
Sounds like you're just burnt out man, take a break if you're not having fun.  I'm overall having a blast because I am trying to do better about remembering it's just a game.
what did you do for the enemy sage to use rez in a 1v4 against you lmao
Gonna shoot a rainbow like vipers wall and whoever gets to the end first will have 9k by next round
In my personal experience, competitive generally gets more enjoyable as you rank up and teams are more balanced and play together. Of course, every rank has their own issues, but I noticed people tend to communicate more, etc. Might be more enjoyable experience to queue with set groups of friends as well. Best of luck on your journey.
This map gives me vertigo vibes
I dont think ive ever seem him flame someone for being low rank unless they were like <gold. Which is true, and the point of that is to tell them to stop overthinking it. Its not radiant
You want to play, let’s play
Prob lore wise the arrow he normally shoots are made of energy just like his ult, the other two could have other uses, one is explosive and the other one scans
> The finals seems like it’s dying on steam playercounts. But the devs revealed just a couple days ago that it never went below 300k daily players.

I would love a source for this.
this is chicken cheesy gordita crunch erasure
Since when can you move that fast with gun out? Absolutely zooming
Iso is like Reyna - only "busted" if the person is significantly better than you
Be sanctified
You can and should report both people
I would try to drop that mindset of comp and unrated are much of a difference or you’re going to build the ranked performance anxiety that everyone gets. I’d even consider starting ranked as an unrated and just continue to grind and improve on mistakes early on. Unrated just builds bad habits imo
Ct half
I think it’s the oni katana which is in the map
Oh no!  My 25 initial vandal bullets to destroy a recon dart. Why change this now?
It’s to counter light shield meta. This game needed serious work to buff mid level weapons .
Her heal should be capped at her health at the start of the round. By this we would get rid of the 150hp reyna in Pistols…

Otherwise I really don‘t care about her. Easy to play against and her flashes are not really stressing me out. 
She is kinda weak, if we leave out the pistols.
The biggest benefit in my opinion is the incredibly fast pullout time. Usually, Chamber likes playing with an operator, and if he misses a shot, he wants to retreat by TP-ing away. But if he doesn't have his TP available and can't run away, skilled players can somewhat rely on using the Headhunter right after a missed op shot to confirm the kill.

It's also nice for eco rounds. Definitely possible to climb with Chamber. Might be a little tougher than "ranked agents" like Reyna, but if you like him, go for it. To climb up from Iron 3 is really just a matter of fundamentals, your choice of agent shouldn't matter that much.
The nerf to the wires is justifiable, but the camera nerf is just silly. Not that it's going to take him out of the META, but it's just unnecessary.

The only time this sounds useful is on WELL HIDDEN cameras, but that's exactly the point of a SPYcam lmao
Use your knife…
He was already behind you at the start of the clip or get behind you at like 49 in game time
I love playing Neon but for the love of god please follow me when I move to take the site. 

Too many times I manage to take space on site and everyone is still jiggle peaking from main. Meanwhile their entire team has all the time in the world to rotate.
Cool. Cool cool cool.
Phantom main now
obviously fake cloning
They removed the most important callouts too, what's the point of this change? Removing the site callouts was such a braindead move lol.
Im not excusing smurfing or anything like that that, but I recently was placed bronze 1 after being silver 3 the previous episode and had a bronze/iron lobby where obviously the skill difference between iron and silver is noticeable. Sometimes matchmaking just does these kind of things.
I have a friend that I got into Valorant with. We both started iron 2 because it was our first shooter anything like Valorant. I quickly found online tutorials and used them to improve. He, had a great friggin time flying around with raze satchels or sliding on people with neon. Which one of us top fragged? Me, of course. Who had more fun, him. He just didn't care. about becoming better and enjoyed his time with friends. I'm too wildly competitive for that so I'll always be the one fighting in the rank ladder.
As a girl, much much more chances than a male in the same circumstances. The woman competitive scene has much less talents so you'll have an easier time finding a spot if you are a ranked demon.

***However*** top radiants are about 1000rr better than low Immo, this is akin to an Ascendant 1 and a Silver 3. The gap is that wide.

As a girl you'll have a much easier time because most pro women aren't actually ranked demon, hitting mid-immo will already start opening doors for you.
Ppl that whine about duelists not getting any kills on entry but also sit at choke and don't even make an attempt to trade on said entry
a lot of content creators do nothing but smurf, so the kids thing its cool
I believe it's the same as the Odin (heavy pen). The tweet is poorly worded.
hell thats the thing kiddo, stop doing body shots and try doing headshots yourself.

to be fair, its just that you are very predictable, you stand in the most obvious pre-aimable places, you stand still while shooting... You are simply facing better players. Also, levels don't mean anything in term of skills. ive seen iron players be lvl 150 and ascendants lvl 50...

Just play more and learn the game, you are brand new, theres a shit ton to learn in this game.
Unfortunately yes hacks are increasing, riot releases information on how they improve vanguard and how they block certain hacks but ppl who code hacks are smart so they code something new, I wish they just say that they updated vanguard, not tell us how, the hackers will just read and figure a way around the system
Killjoy and Deadlock main.
Love their designs, theirs util and the ability to help out a bit somewhere while still being able to control site.
Hate that fact that EVERYTIME I set up on 1 site, it's either the other site or they destroy it all :( (or Deadlock being completely useless because she's not good rn)
> nobody seems to enjoy smoking

bad for lungs
The Vandal's good  
The Phantom's fine  
But my heart says  
it's Odin time.
I feel like that's almost worse than him not being radiant seeing as he used his league career to justify "having the brain" for coaching to some degree IIRC. 

One could argue that even if he wasn't radiant, him hitting challengers in league would qualify him to coach a higher level than his actual Valorant rank as at least he'd been among the best in the world in another game. But if he peaked D4 in league, he really doesn't have the degree of gaming accomplishment to justify the ego.
There is no worse feeling than dropping a 3k or 4k, dying, then watching your team lose an easy round.
looks like a Fracture TDM map
Bro why do you reload with 23 bullets left 😭😭
The "cheats" you see on TikTok are going to be scams ninety nine percent of the time just wanna throw that out there. Don't be stupid kids.
Personally, I think its far more nuanced than that.
Nice
Why don't you just play competitive if you want a proper team to be playing the game? You gain nothing from playing unrated anyway, I don't think there's any downside from losing so it's not worth being so tilted about it.
Ziptie after seeing this:😈😈😈
Yeah I guess, will probably try to go for radiant top 200 (at end of an act, then you need more rr for it) next, but for now I will Pause a bit...

Enough games to learn out there for sure yea
It’s better. You can get a double if they try to trade.
sorry, i could only play single player games as a kid so the only cheats i was familiar with was cheatengine. 😅 but buying cheats to hurt other people and ruin their game is still a low blow and they should probably reevaluate why they play in the first place
While in Astral Form, Astra hovers and can float inside a oneway without her legs sticking out. However, for this trick one have to use either Omen or Brim buddy, as Astra's own smokes are too big for most places (double box height) to not touch the ground. She can though do such oneways by yellow on Icebox. Pretty hard to pull trick, more like a challange, but much more plausible after lasf buff where Astra got hearing in astral plane.
This will be changed within hours
he's just like me fr
This skin includes free BJs? Count me in!
please say sike
You're asking too much from an indie dev. It's not like they charge $95 for skin bundles.
Yeah additionally where do you want them to go to have fun/be silly? Cause if you're forcing them into my comp games for that ima kill you..
Gold
mfs be warming up for 6 hours in deathmatches before playing 13 games of unrated, after which they decide to play comp
Hey, just wanted to add.

Using it on Guardian is very recommended, you get a good zoom + no first shot accuracy.
Skins = wins
I like it when Phoenix says, "Buy stuff, ka ching! Sccrrrddt, and we're done."  :)
People SHOULD pick the agents they like playing most
Not just the mute button, but reports also exist and they work. Every time I log in I have a new notification that a reported player has been punished. 

It's tough though, you still encounter these people regardless of how many reports you submit. Though, I've felt better about being in games with disruptive and rude players knowing that some are getting chat banned.
breeze :(
it can also mean if i recall correctly but both mean the same thing so it doesnt matter
I have had silver players hold the spike and not push while i had plat and even diamond who were going full on chasing last guy, giving him 5 1v1 xd (probably huge ego xd)
Does she think Raze and Sombra from Overwatch would get along?
yay rage post!
Duelists after spending half the game in a corner and getting the enemy bottom frag off guard: I'm pro.
Last I remember Dizzy reaches ~45m
ISO?
well yes, but what does that have to do with valorant?
started out maining Viper, thought she was ass (I didn't know how to use her), switched to Jett, thought she was ass (couldn't aim), switched to Reyna, started doing good, then realized she had no utility, so I switched to Raze, then realized I don't like entrying, so now I'm a sentinel main
No. You can guesstimate the radius by using your noise cone on the minimap since they are very close to the same. That has always been a thing.
Being autistic rocks bro take it as a compliment
Ppl crying about ,, paid actors", assuming  enemies are on similar level to you (by that I mean similar rank at least) 90% of time, they have to fucked up for you to get a clutch/ace what ever, otherwise everyone would getting traded 1:1.
Ranked has way more toxicity
Its not that deep bro if ur in mood to drop it for people, do it, if not, dont. Theres nothing else more to that.
Yeah. Riot did a short biopic on the VA and she said as much
This bundle is straight gas tell your dad he can eat dirt
Mystery solved. My riot employee friend gifted it to me before they recently quit.
All KJ and cypher mains would cry if an agent like that came out lmao
He did not, but it was a great reaction to immediately jump and start moving when coming out of isolation ult like that. Good clutch 😎
the switch has gyro, xbox tripping
Summary:

Shots 1-5:
please, all I want is a new map rotation QQ
Big part of it, but also shocked at how many people in their twenties still act like complete degenerates
0-11 to 13-11 lol. 

(Ngl I thought you meant insults and I got really excited)
I honestly like the fact that unrated will be taken a lot more joyfully now, knowing i can play more maps on unrated actually makes the game more interesting
1. Wait for each act‘s rank reset
2. Just play (you have to hurt your teammates)
yea it's just another rendition of stuff like "i dont care if people are gay just dont make it your whole personality/shove it in my face"
This guy KJs
In their defense the team probably knew going into it that things prob wouldn’t go well for their 2 bronzes. It’s just the way it goes in a 5 stack
Nice work, I believe some people know about this, and it definitely catches enemies off guard, especially those holding market as they expect you to come from the stairs. The fact that you make zero noise makes it S tier.
Excellent tactical shooting there champ
CSGO is harder than Valorant for me, if in Valorant I can kill someone, then in CSGO I cannot kill with 5 ults, and I will not be able to feel like a god, I have been got Valorant smurfs accounts for a long time, mainly for boosting from -Agata-Smurf-, level 20. so that you can immediately start a rating game and choose 2 agents to open them instantly
Mainly teammates.
One of the most satisfying things to do is killing Raze midair like some kind of Anti Air gun lmao
please god close it down and make people think about the consequences of their actions
Can they bring back 2 viper mollies please rito 😭😭💀
You shoot before the crosshair is on the enemy.
You shoot before stopping to move.

Any combination of the two
Thanks for letting me know, I guess?
Woah man using the hard r? not okay! its 

#  Schrödinga
>Apply slow to bullets, so if bullets go through wall they do wall pen damage values

This would be so cool.
I think it's not Seekers themselves are bad, it's Seekers on Bind specifically. Since players constantly going through TPs the ult gets confused which enemy is nearest and on which it should lock on and chase.

Not saying it's can't glitch and act weird, but i think this is explanation for it's behaviour on Bind.
You came back in the ult zone
crosshair placement

it should be on their head before you even start to aim
Well one of KJs voice lines is “if I die, delete my hard drive” so I’m sure she’s into some weird stuff already
People are all complaining about Xbox not having gyroscopic controls and how it's "useless" without them, but strangely, this is the first I've ever head this being an issue in the nearly 4 years the console has been out
You are right. I guess that's why they don't do it. I think they never will. That's why i wanted to make edits like this
Bruh it always puts something like that in the right hand corner, it doesn’t mean anything. Just part of the code, maybe detected server, doesn’t have anything to do with the anti-cheat that’s all background.
They're Scottish.
wtf does stretched have to do with cheaters
yeahhh, looking back on it, i got lucky I was able to kill raze
I love the first clip
Yes, they do.
Hi! Same position as you. Hard stuck Iron. But my advice is.... Don't take it seriously. And be willing to put down the game. I was on a loosing streak for a while so I put down the game outside of some DM here and there for almost 2 weeks. 

Had a rough day yesterday. So not touching today. IDK about you. But I don't care much about "getting good" as I do just seeing how I improve over time. So whenever the game starts to frustrate me I put it down. 

Games should be fun. Not a second job. (Also if you ever wanna play, I'm down)
TDM sheriff changes seem bad, even with the explanation. I don't have the data, so I can not say anything for sure, but it really does not seem like a matter of the sheriff overperforming. But more of that using the stinger and ares is just... not helpful. In the sense that, if you want to warm up or practice your aim, using the sheriff will always be miles better for that than stinger or ares.
Agree. It's because OW has tanks and generally a higher time to kill. In Valorant you can just headshot someone and they are eliminated - healing doesn't even help in that case. Also, you don't really play as one big pile around one objective / choke like in OW. You are more spread across the map and a healer can't be near everyone all the time. 

Not sure why people don't understand that.
I heard that they're returning in a bundle that's gonna pop into the shop sometime today
The swing of the century right there
They already have one working internally, just haven't done the user facing side of it as well as recording + saving the millions of ranked games. It's probably used to catch cheaters.
Stinger is good. Obviously compared to its peak it doesn’t come close but it does solid damage to close and it often just manages to hit the head even when you are spraying.
Thatd still be a huge advantage because youd eliminate unnecessary noise so you can hear your surroundings better
Wtf is "very high wall penetration" if odin is already high. Is this shit about to go through the icebox metal walls at a 45 degree angle or smth
Why did I like this so much? Thank you for this short peaceful break.
flashes can never bo not effective lol
“He’s heaven” I don’t see him “he’s omen I mean *heaven*” *looks up to see him in a bugged area that’s op* what the fu-
Hot take: Not all agents need to be super complicated with a ton of useful tech and creative outlets for their ability usage. Some of them are quite simple, have their strengths, and don't really deviate from a central gameplan. And that's okay.

Medium take: Chamber doesn't really need a trip buff. The core of his gameplay is get 1 and get out. There's no need to mess with the trip too much, maybe a small range buff is fine, but he's not supposed to compete with Cypher in any sense.

Cold take: Chamber's already annoying AF and putting his trip in the ceiling is unnecessary
I’ve been using that knife for months and only got that once
No I still warm up and DM with the guardian but use the Vandal in ranked. Actually helps with positioning and movement as well as spraying imo.
"domain expansion" ahh advice
Yeah, we wanted to get to Phoenix but didn't land on a changelist we felt good about for this patch. We're still cooking on him, but unsure on release dates; it'll depend on when we feel really good about what we've got.
Rip to me thinking I was 200 IQ guessing her name would be Moth lol.

Clove is kinda cute though!
Was gonna say, gaming in general has an incel/woman hater problem. Valorant is one of the more tame communities I’ve personally seen in that regard.
Maybe he's just getting a giggle there
Relate to chess.com does it a lot

I used to play chess a lot around 1600-1650 elo and without me knowing in about every week I would get +10 elo back in notifications saying there was a cheater

In neither valorant nor chess I can tell if someone is cheating unless the cheater is making it extremely obvious 

Also both valorant and chess are extremely tilting for me managed to quit chess due to rage issues but started valorant last month 😭
Not to forget the 3hp.
that head hunter shot was nasty omg
It would be perceived this way similar to someone being a pro baseball player, playing with high schoolers and swinging with 1 hand only and going 0-4. Kind of disrespectful. Again, this is in the context of you having a bad game doing it.
Pros are going to get everytging that would give them even the slightest advantage, like 360Hz monitors, super light mice, top of the line PCs, etc.
Doesnt mean you need all that stuff
Well it really depends on the map. 

Ideally, what you want to do is see which map comes up and then pick a different agent :) 

Lol jk, she's not bad just has a specific role that you don't always need. She's the anti-dive sentinel. Defensively, her reactive kit is really good at messing with dive-based attacks where the lynchpin is the enemy coming in with movement abilities like slides, dashes, teleports, and satchel jumps. Against that sort of attack her traps, quick deploying wall, and net can all shut down the attack provided the deadlock player isn't a dingus with their gun. 

Against a non-dive attack she's less useful but thoughtfully placed traps and walls can still give you advantages in fights to win the round on. 

On attack, she's pretty crap at flank watch outside of her wall being a decent choke watcher for a good part of the bomb countdown. However she can set up post plant to punish the retake. Put the traps down where you anticipate a retaker will have to both make noise and expose themselves (great on drops, common places they'll want to spray or prefire from) and then engange them when they're stunned or toss a net on them to further stymie the retake without having to take a fight yet. If the deployable wall hasn't been used to block/watch a choke, then it can also be tossed into a retake to make a mess of it and corral the attackers into a desired path. 

The ult is good. Not much to say about it lol it's just a very nice ability, solid ult.
Even if the wall could break trips, you would need to aim it really precisely and with no crosshair, unless you want it to just touch the laser for it to break, at which point would be a big nerf to Cypher.
Sage Ult would be great unless you used it on people who died of old age...
Your sens is soo low
AHHHH IM GETTING FINGERED BY NEON!!
one more reason to nerf Chamber.
Low population server during non peak times. The longer people are in queue the more they begin loosening match making to try to create any lobby. 

A lot of people on low pop areas will then change servers as they prefer greater match quality despite worse ping and will switch back and forth depending on time of day.
Better than having the same name as the game
Wait Reyna can get to 200 with her overheal? I thought she could only max out at 150? Like if she had 0 shield but 100 health, she'd only get 50 from her overheal? Did I miss something????????????
slower ttk than pp bizon
toaster doesn't come with situational awareness 🗿
Alright calm down bro
Generally speaking, 

Do I think we have a chance to win? - Vote to continue

Do I think we will lose horribly? - vote for draw

&#x200B;

If my team just super sucks to play with I'll most likely just draw to get it over with.
It’s all fun and games until you try to have a conversation while driving
It was no information on reviving anyone, but rather hint on some after-life effective ability or passive.
It's a bug. I can't remember if getting hit by an Iso ult grants you just a full shield or a full shield + 100 hp but Reyna's overheal ends up stacking with the extra shield and your hp to give her 200 hp.
Make the ban online time so if they change account the timer doesnt go down. If they only had 1 account, just leave it on. Extreme but that might be needed
Is this a real post?
Tick tock
https://playvalorant.com/en-us/news/dev/ask-valorant-3/

In short they said in 2020 that they are looking to add a replay system soon . Also a new gifting system to gift other players , which we still don't have . It's 2024 now soooo ... I think riot will wake up when CS 2 will make a big move . Either in terms of gameplay or anticheat. Also why are we having a new night market coming right now 🤔?.we just had one in the last act .
Overwatch/league mentality
Neon's age came from a prompt that riot gave by Riot


When she was voicing Neon, they explaoned Neon was found 19 years ago by a scientist


Now, 2 things. 1, It doesn't say she was born 19 years ago, she was just found 19 years ago


2, it is very common for agents to change backstories, I am pretty sure that is common even after they are launchex
Don't forget the cases where you could have remake'd but one teammate doesn't know what that means and votes against as he thinks it's a surrender instead.
Iso ult lasts for **50 seconds**

A sheriff to the head is 159 dmg

800 dmg is 6 bullet to the head

Even if your duel took too long, 50 seconds is half of a whole damn round

**Skill Issue**
If you're a radiant with an iron buddy it looks cool
Prob but like he said people with influence are a lot harder to get punished for stuff cause as we've seen with skin prices rising roots trying to squeeze out as much money as they can from val and with wohoojin probably bringing in new players and by extension more money riot might just ignore this all together unless it turns into a full on legal battle
Riot’s already working towards it, don’t worry
So no one here has been judged by a brimstone in smoke?
Partially due to the fact that ACS has such a dramatic influence on your MMR that it almost incentivizes baiting your teammates.
I am bad at the game , every time I try to aim at them before shooting I usually die.
Bad response time or something else?
Cypher turret. Iykyk
1 rank per episode is crazy HAHAH
I played on Tokyo servers before and most of them were just super toxic for no reason. Zero comms except the hi at the start, insults, and depending on how the match turned out either bye or insult dump.
How did I just make the connection to splatoon agent 8
Because they [need healing](https://youtu.be/7d5OKslP3mM?si=JXi_zOc9mrfGS7v2).
I play KJ most of the time and people keeps giving me the spike! Ffs let me check flanks in peace.
They probably have more hours watching woohoojin and playing aim labs than the actual game
Grew up in Glasgow; this is exactly my take and it doesn't sound at all off to me.
Open your map, the spots are labeled. Most call outs refer to those names. The map pool isn’t that big, if you play even a few games a week you should be able to easily remember most areas people frequent.
People don't really play card games, simple as. People that really play card games just play hearthstone and all others try it out and put it down within a month.
Thats my thought as of now, it just all looks weird looking in
try agata-smurf , they have level 20 accs
cheaters are very rare in this game
How... How do people have that much time to play? Are their days longer than 24 hours or something? I'm so confused... :|
5 breaches
Reyna. She’s not even a duelist. Duelists’ job is to get into site, and she has what? One flash? Like no wonder Reyna players are lurking all the time. Terrible design.
This is the most unbiased take I've seen. He did a lot for the valorant community throughout the past two years, but somehow grow a big ego in his content, and now getting hit by the reality check. It also feels like he now forcefully justify some of his actions, like duoing with his account booster.
> this doesnt interact with the games memory in any way, or move the mouse

These are not the bannable criteria, and your tool is *absolutely* bannable if used in comp games.  It's perfectly fine to use in customs to find the linups, but using it in an actual game is against TOS because it is providing outside information, the same way things like overlays showing defuse timers are banned.

Riot's definition of cheating is:

> auto-clickers, aimbots, and other unauthorized hardware or software that gives players an unfair advantage

This is absolutely unauthorized software that gives an unfair advantage.
Man I would tilt so hard
People more excited in game for cypher buff than iso release
The neo frontier sheriff is selling like hot cakes rn. Everyone has it. I was queuing unranked with some iron buddies and one of the guys who's only just started playing and doesn't even know how to shoot has it.
Iso is not that deep. Use the abilities to get the first kill, shield yourself and overheat like Reyna.
I’ve never played against any blatant cheaters… I have had games ended because there was a cheater detected
Yep. The only way out of gold. Can confirm as an instalock raze from now on
Agreed. A 4 v 4 but attackers have site is way more preferable to a 5 v 5 but attackers don’t have any space. If the duelist gets traded every round but gets spacing, they’ve done their job.
It’s all you little homie!
Exactly why I use this extremely OP tactic: faking AFK till the beggar goes away

usually their monkey brains will forget they even asked by next round, at least from my experience
They don’t realize that you don’t need heal when you can literally died from one taps
You’re so right, this act got me put up against people who peaked plat and diamond last act flexing their gunbuddies in bronze lobbies which sucks so much because my peak is gold 1 and I can’t even come close to it because of these people who got put in like silver who are actually just plats and diamonds when I get actual bronze and irons on my team
Well the thing is if the uk hq for rito is right around the corner why not just go straight to the source rather than chilling at a pub?
I would see it differently. After a winning streak, they want to see if you can win under more difficult conditions. If that's the case, you may have deserved a much higher rank. But of course I don't know if that's really the case.
Hey i play viper and when I get my hands on an op I just can’t resist haha glad to see it confuse some ppl so I’ll keep doing it
Damn, the biggest update till date..... those madlads at Rito
If you're serious about ranking up then don't even consider a duo until you feel the games match your level of play. Just find time to play on your own more, you should start ranking up and then it probably won't even need to be communicated if you start ranking up alot higher than your friends
I assume Clove cannot be *killed*, but can probably die of natural causes.
Jett killed you first before you can kill reyna
Gold peak
Damn, I got cooked.
Valorant after the gym slaps
They need to separate the queues but they won't do it.
Its literally called a passive ability.
I had a 10 year old or something say "drop me skin or I'll fucking rape you. I'LL RAPE YOU" YES A FUCKIN UNDERAGE TEEN SAID THAT. and I have the clip of it lol.

Edit: not sure if they were actually 10 or not, but I assume definitely under 15 as he sounded very very young. I'll try to find the clip after work today in like 13 hours. AFAIK I didn't delete it so I hope I did not just edge all of you.

[Okay the wording is a bit different, but the context is the same. Anyway I FOUND IT!!!!](https://imgur.com/a/7dLAjpD)
I don't think like it is for those people tho. It feels more like "I want to check the score and maybe watch 1 or 2 rounds"
Why are they so careful with Deadlock buffs? Cypher got massively buffed while he didn't need much and she gets THIS?
Thats why they get the double map ban. Riot could do a bracket reset and have a 7 map gigabanger series instead but theyre not going to do that cos of how long itd be unfortunately
Play enough to unlock ranked mode (you need to be level 20)

Ranked is the only mode that is balanced for beginners, in all other modes you'll be paired with much stronger players, consider the time before unlocking ranked as training. Ranked will be much easier.
I instalock as a controller main cuz no one wants to play controller anyway & even when they do I don't trust them to do a quarter decent job. Never get complaints though
Bro acted like he didn’t do it on purpose
Looks like you have crisp aim, but you're shooting like you would with a vandal. Go into the range with phantom to practice. Put armor on bots or use the 0-50m bot target to work on the spray.
More so the last 6 months it seems like it to me.  No supporting evidence, just feels like it with the crazy one taps and flicks.
We know Viper lost her home and Sage failed Viper. But in what way did she fail her is still unknown to us. 

The omen revival thoery never got confirmed and this cinematic seem to throw it out of the window.
When double peeking be careful not to be exactly behind your team mate and people sometimes hold with the op incase someone will double peek
A glorious one
Screaming at Monyet from across the stage just to get sat down is embarrassing
they're rotating out problematic and unpopular maps rather than popular ones, I don't see an issue with that
Your choice of sherrif skin is based.
I am currently Platinum 3, haven't played much of this episode yet and my peak is diamond 3 🫠
You sure? It's an insta skip then.
Removing the rotating comm so I can’t spin in place is the worst nerf to this game of all time
Could you describe what is happening in each clip?
Cuz people will abuse that, if you lose first 5 rounds in a row and there is a chance for remake trust me everyone will remake. If you are duo with someone just one of you leave and remake.
Facts. I'm glad he got that buff imo. Also, idk how lower ranks feel but at Dia asc, we know most of the common trips etc so it's predictable. I pick him occasionally so I know the common set ups. Like in Breeze  A and B, sunset. Bind.
id say silver due to the dart shoot + relaoding
The max credit amount makes sense, but it's still annoying
Top tier shitpost
Remember triple slide tech. Tis a great day to have had a neon phase
what in the fuckin windows movie maker is going on here?
>Just like girls little kids can often get harassed.

Man, when I used to play CSGO I remember this one particular game on Nuke. I was only one calling out for several rounds. I could tell people could hear me because they were reacting to it so I kept going but it was tough lol. Eventually this little kid gives me a call out back and I was able to clutch a round off it. I was like, "Hey bro use your mic i need help here!" and he apologized and said he didn't like to talk because he was often called a "[f slur] squeeker" online.

I told him I understood and that if he did want to use his mic it was just the two of us and he was safe for that game at least lol. He did call out a bunch after and we ended up winning. Kid sounded super young and knew a lot about the game. He was a big part of that W. 

I felt so fucking bad for him though. Kid obv played a lot and liked the game but was afraid of speaking up. Anytime I see threads/posts about people afraid of using their mics in games I always think of him
Saw someone post about it a bit ago, apparently if the omen has spike while this happens then the spike just disappears lol
You mean fish titty and crab titty
Everyone has the wrong answers here. E-girls play valorant.
PRX something and d4v41 would like a word
Fuck off. The guy is trying to learn. He at least should try to put a conscious effort into crosshair placement and how off he was at the time
There’s def something up with that

Just cause they have a “second life” they try less so you just wank their crouching ass?

Happened to me several times as well in asc-immo lobbies
Just a small indie company. Can't even fix the client for their most popular game.
Go to spike rush and farm the ult orbs. And take phoenix 'coz he has 6 orbs and can use and be done quickly, unlike Reyna
ISO, the shield is a dumb design in a game that is 1 shot headshot. Rainbow balanced black beard and now he’s kinda shit, but having to shoot someone in the head more than once to kill then in a 1 shot kill game, is dumb
Ethical and honorable, as players we should all strive for headshots and no disrespect during ranked games
Report it to Riot, you might as well be the first to find out about this bug
It is bro i was so satisfied when a jett got banned for being so fking toxic
People do not understand how hard would 450~ rr immos stomp 0-50 rr immos
Both defense and offense are easier in lower elo except right now when the ranks reset and you get some shady MFers who aren't actually low elo. I was silver 1-2 before the reset, now I'm bronze 2 and I'm playing against people who probably should have been gold. I don't know what's going on anymore
You need affirmation that much?
"Why are they shoving gay in our face?"

*Straight people forcing their lifestyle onto everyone systematically for most of human history*
On low ranks odin is very OP in my opinion because it's hard to counter it when you don't have a pretty good aim. If you find someone playing it then just hold an angle, it's very difficult to peek with odin. Also you can just simply fight fire with fire and buy an odin :)
clean
Damn that's a deadly ult combination.
It actually used to be decent before they buffed it for no reason making it incredibly OP for a day or two, then over nerfed it to an even worse state than it ever was and left it there.
Karambits all the way. The way they spin and the character holds it. Its so elegant. Even loved karambits in cs. But they hella expensive there.
It might be how you’re saying it. I’ve tested this theory before, but you gotta make sure you’re friendly. I spent a day just giving perfect early round strats, but with no friendliness and people just aren’t going to be receptive to it. Maybe like 1-2/10 games you’ll get hardos who appreciate and reciprocate the comms but most people just want to have fun. So you kinda have to add some friendliness or banter to the IGL you want.

But this also doesn’t mean you still won’t get shitty games where everyone’s silent while you’re comming, but that’s just unavoidable in comp games.
I dont understand why remakes arent automatic.
Depending on the results of this protest round, the mod team will be doing an additional vote to possibly continue the actions indefinitely. For now, we have voted to only commit to the 48 hour window that most other subreddits are using.
Ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja ja

Breach mains are either very helpful or the most annoying thing in this game
There is a lot of troll comments here. 


Odin round 2 IS troll. No question about it. You never see it buy in round 2 by pro or anyone actually. 



If you losed round 1: round 2 you save or force with your team.


If you win round 1: you cant buy odin. You big shield + something else (or light + bigger gun if you can go light + odin sure do it.)


Other then this, Odin is very strong, but you cant spam buy odin every round, look at what your team is buying.
afaik, sage's power doesn't come from other dimensions, she takes life energy from other living thing and give it to whoever she wants ( as shown in the music video die 4 u)
Summary: 

Shots 1-5: Clearly missed
Just play a duelist then. Jett, phoenix, raze etc most are pretty simple allowing you to focus on the map more. Avoid yoru and iso as they’re a bit more nuanced and complicated.
Actually much cooler than the real map.
Dude imagine the ace clip
Take a break after back to back losses. Even if it's just for ten minutes. Helps with a mental reset
Viper about to regret everything
Maybe it’s just me but skins feel more and more lazy…
0;P;h;0;d;1;f;0;0t;6;0l;1;0o;0;0a;1;0m;1;0f;0;0s;0.035;1b;0

Try this, I think that's the one, since everybody seems to be focused on the clip lol
There’s nothing wrong with doing it pre round on defense. This random person is an asshat.
When people say its bad they mean its bad relative to other options, not that it doesnt have value.
Yes, and Skye is an Aussie. Keep up.
I’m not even sure why you’d use it to be honest. It doesn’t give a significant advantage to justify the cost. If someone has slight vertical increase or decrease you can’t move your crosshair properly, and on top of that, long angles and close angles require different heights. It seems so much easier to just move freely
Wait so I can’t get on that CT box on Sunset anymore?????
I Can name TWO things valorant has that cs should have : a competent anti cheat and a non shit ranking system.
Gekko players sending Wingman to an adventure to site with the spike when we haven't even entried yet.

Fun.
"Social media made y'all way too comfortable with disrespecting people and not *getting punched* in the face for it."
Ohhh this makes sense! Thank you for explaining. Since I wasn’t hanging from the ceiling or something, I was so confused lmao
I hate this thing more than I care to admit.
Oh god he's about to hit his "i miss her" arc
I thought it would be Ascent, considering it's so stale in pro meta-wise. Well, I'm sad to see Haven go, I think it's a fan favourite overall.
"so objectively what skin is subjectly not boring after some time?"
Add, if in spike rush 14k is possible. 9k + 5 ult orbs in haven😂
hard to watch but an ace is an ace 🤷‍♂️


that’s more aces than i get per act
I would say it depends on your teams or your performance. Since your performance affects your rr, if you're doing bad and going OT several times, drawing is a good option. Drawing can also give rr in some cases provided you do well, which can be a good option if you're fragging but your team is being burdensome.
Personally I think they should just have his ult be killing the entire enemy team via tactical unescapable missile strike but that’s just me
I believe those were intended to be like, weekly 1-on-1s with him- like he literally becomes your personal coach. The free coaching is effectively just a VOD review.
Did you duo to Diamond? Like no offense but there is no way you can drop from D3 to Gold if you solo'd to Diamond. 

D3 is just so far away from Gold in everything that it's almost like playing a whole different game.
Worth noting that they made changes to fade's dog so if your trip is as low as possible dogs will go over it and people will run in behind it not knowing there is a trip
Rarely do I come across it, but when I do, they get a piece of my mind. We should not stay silent when this behavior takes place in our games. To me, not speaking out against it is equal to condoning it.
Plastic 5
This
It looks terrible wtf? I'd ask for a refund, the old one was way better
the better the enemy the more effective the crouch
Really disappointed we know cyphers name. there should be a (REDACTED) or (CLASSIFIED) similar to Omens imo.
Because those abilities are “active.” You’ll notice when Jett or Raze presses her ult, the points don’t go away until she either dies or uses all her daggers/rocket.

ISO’s ult is more like Breach or Brimstone ult where you “fire-and-forget.” It consumes the points, the effect happens, and then you fight based off the outcome of the effect.
It is 300 is the difference between a vandal with 3 brim smokes or having to choose between guns and smokes. 300 the difference between planting and not.
If I have at least $2,000 extra, I almost always buy heavy shields
Find it dumb valo didn't call it a scout, considering that's not it's official name in CS and still fits the naming theme in val
peak valorant gameplay
Probably something to do with the ult and the fact she has a self revive of sort
Making other agent's abilities stronger introduces something called power creep. It's better to nerf an agent than to buff the others in most cases.

This is a bit of a strong nerf for Viper in my opinion, they could've been less harsh but let's see how it plays out first.
Idk but I hope to god I get a new night market because I think mine is in the running for the most ass night market of all time
VCT 2nd round meta will be just jumping off the map instead of dying to spike lmao
Not a tether, looks like some form of decay similar to vipers. We can see the enemy has the same purple aura
The undisputed Icebox replies is insane 

(That being said, mine is also Icebox 💀Idk what it is about that map but i whiff SOOOOO often there)
This has more to do with the genre of tactical shooter than anything else tbh.  The TTK inherent in this game (and CSGO) reward aim first and foremost.  Gamesense is still a very significant factor but there are many situations where gamesense without adequate aim to back it up is mostly useless.
it's not 8 people, 5 of them get an ez win so they don't complain.
wow that is crazy , either desync happened or you hit the exact mili sec before it counts as defused
Phoenix & Reyna. Although for quite a while Reyna ults didn't register properly for the weeklies, like you'd press the button but if you didn't find a kill or something it wouldn't count sometimes. So Phoenix is a safer bet. I don't play her enough to know whether it was addressed or not.

And you might want to play Spike Rush too. You get double orbs per kill and sometimes blue orbs will give you full ultimate stacks. You can do 3-4 ults in a 7 rounds game if you play your cards right. You can even ult twice in the same rounds sometimes.
no pecan
Iron 2 to silver 1
We're in the final stages of finalizing a team to conceptualize what we hope is a system by which you can re-play your game like you would in a VCR by watching it.
Im hesitant to post any Val content anywhere for this reason. My best clips are met with the weirdest criticisms. I had a clip with four one tap ghost kills and someone got mad that I wasn’t strafing enough, in one tap kill gunfights? Like I didn’t strafe enough after killing them I guess, even though they were 1v1 fights? And trying to reason with these guys is impossible
Yeah nobody would watch a clip that said “got a 4k and then died” lol. It’s actually interesting/funny watching the Sova clutch the 1v5 right after.
That would require riot to make a good decision, which they are allergic to doing
I dont think that works. The game detects inputs not movement as far as i know. It could be that sova wasnt fully afk, and would spawn on next round regardless. But yeah, the afk system is weird
When you start 360 no scoping the enemy team with ops
It shouldn’t be a vote, just make it be automatic
A bug I think.

You can see reyna already have a kill, let's say she now have 100 hp +50 overheal. Going to the ult replenish the shield so now she has 100hp + 50 overheal + 50 shield.

I didn't confirm it yet. Gonna do it in a bit
pls dont bring this yt short shit on reddit, ty <3
Favourite: The one I just won on

Least: The one I just lost on

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

(but also...love Haven, Lotus needs to delete itself)
bruh my first thought was: "what is that smoke?"
The attempted olympic bunnyhop over Cypher's wire sent him over the edge, RIP Raze
“Iso is not broken!” Yeah when the rank is gold and the Iso has Parkinson’s.
When ever some one starts the answer with I'm going to be super honest you know that what ever they say next isn't the honest answer
Doesn't mean it's okay to borderline force players to pick those champs to access certain areas of the map.
Don’t say new player, you know thats a lie
i got the vandal neptune because i’m huge into the fish keeping hobby. my gf got me a gift card for it lol. happy b day to me!
people don't usually understand how damn long is brim molly
(nice ace!)
Hahah bad day for clove
I keep hearing Yoru say "Taco better watch their backs"
Controller my ass he’s a fuckin duelist with smokes
So you’re the brim with no comms? 👀
skye changes (9.0)

\> she can no longer use guns
The 4 stages are more a reflection of economic states in a real game. The pick ups kinda ruin that flow, but they are power ups which are supposed to give players an advantage.

Stage 1 is pistol round, around 500 creds, (classic +  light, or ghost vs frenzy)
Stage 2 are the eco rounds, around 2000 creds, (Sheriff, Stinger, Ares + Light)
Stage 3 is half buy, just under 3000, with the main rifles and the Judge as pickups.
Stage 4 is full buy, vandal vs phantom, operator, odin and judge.

The guardian, while definitely viable in a full buy round, is strictly worse in most situations (except very long ranges) and more of an option when your short on creds
It's also very very good for taking out an op. They'll have no cover or dash/tp/headhunter and you will have an iso shield hopefully
In the first year there was the snowball fight mode which had a Christmas themed Icebox map. The mode came back in the last 2 years but without the special themed Icebox (I always wondered why). Did they not bring the mode back this year? I assume it wasnt that popular?
I don’t think people understand what you’re asking lol, the answer you’re looking for is bitrate (especially that of YouTube and Twitch); Tom Scott has a short YT video (4 minutes) that explains it great (“Why Snow and Confetti Ruin YouTube Video Quality” the title may seem unrelated but a watch will make it make sense)
THE FADE EYE LANDED ON THE SKYE FLASH
So honor system from league of legends where you honour your teammates after match and at the end of season the better honour level you have the better rewards you get. But riot is too stingy in valorant i doubt that.
then I can't annoy my friend holding an angle with a op :(
I prefer ping on scroll click personally, but that sounds pretty interesting.
might be interesting if his cove still worked like a regular smoke after being destroyed
The strange thing, is in League, I am pretty sure that you only need 2 of the 4 remaining people to quit, AND you lose LP (League's RR). League's AFK detection is also much faster. If you don't move for a minute, you get hit with a warning. After some amount of time, your team will be told they have an AFK and ask if you want to early surrender. (It's so bad, it goes the other way on the League subreddit, asking for slightly more leniency. Though that was late last year, so it might have changed a little in the new season)
Nah, foot pedal is the best for push to talk. I don’t think I could ever go back willingly.
If only there was something about curry that hinted at his ethnicity
Get fracture the hell out of here, that map is just ugly regardless of how bad it is imo. Every time I get it I die a little inside
ya it’s unfortunate this game has no ranked compensation
Team: Raze why aren't ypu satcheling in?
Raze: I have lineups, try to have some fun yeah
The voicelines you made do slap fr tho, it seems you captured each characters personality so well!! Do you secretly work for rito??!!🤨
Means you're in a similar mmr bracket to the other players in your lobbies. The matchmaking doesn't care about your visible rank, just hidden mmr. You can lose a match and gain mmr and win and lose mmr. The good part is that if your hidden mmr is higher than your visible ranking, you will gain much more rr than you'd lose and should climb faster out of a rank you don't belong in.
think of it this way. the good players find it fun and cool to use because its the polar opposite of where they are. for good players its pretty "rare" and hard to get ur hands on.

its not THAT cool, but its pretty interesting to see one sometimes. believe it or not but its actually very hard to be iron. its not easy to be the worst in a game, just as how its hard to be the best.
As soon as TH started being toxic, i knew PRX was gonna kick them off the tournament
If you know they push from all sides then you should group up, flash out, and just 5 man whoever is pushing. 

After you kill the first guy, keep moving onto site and don't worry about flank until after you plant.

Many times people try to do things solo and hence why they keep giving away picks and map control
As Jett?
Yeah, lets not help the people who develop the anticheat. That'll totally help make the anticheat better right?
How tf are you thinking of body shots in a post you made about something that matters so much more for headshots?
I’ve not won on icebox since it came back.
Yes, but baiting isn't always a bad thing people just like being angry
Or just to any ability. I play Raze often and it has happened to me a few times that I pop my ult and the enemy Iso activates his shield. A free ability shouldn't fully counter an 8-point ultimate.
yeah. its not complicated. say heaven and your going to look at the highest point on site that people can push on
Day time is filled with people without jobs and skipping classes streaming to two viewers hoping to go pro and blame everyone but themselves when they die which is why it’s filled to the brim with toxic edgelords.

The adults play in the evenings.
The comments here just explain why my team is so bad at gun fight.....

Ahem jokes aside, I go for 15 mins in range hard bits with sheriff and then a swift sheriff only and then comp
Kinda confused why many think this is not a impactfull change. Spamming smokes is a very common tac.
Oh yeah, I know, it sucks. I guess my point is "who is this benefiting anyways, I'm sure they'd make more money if this wasn't the case", they aren't even smart about the greed.
YOOOO I KNEW HE SOUNDED FAMILIAR HES SPIKE
Junkrat's grenade launcher
2-10 
Halftime
          13-11
The consensus from “high” level.  Is she is fine by herself on maps not called breeze.
What rank are you in? I'm plat/high gold and usually have at least a couple people talking per game
He also used the credentials to push out honest coaches that otherwise would be more difficult to compete with. The fraud is as bad for the ecosystem as people viewbotting to gain an edge on other streamers.
i need this type of energy when ever i play there is depression.
He needed a break.
I usually don't keep spike because I watch flank

My friend who plays smoke usually takes it because a harbor, viper or clove ult is more costly than mine, or we send gekko to plant it

Imo smokes have very high cost ults, so they should have the planting ult point, and duelists are supposed to clear site
round smokes cry on this map, this is a harbor map 100%
Oni phantom

Have always been more of a phantom guy, and the Oni is one of my favourite skin lines. Had to wait a couple of months to finally see it
Reload animation did not show in spectator.
Iso mains
This is also why fighting games generally have decent representation of minority groups of typically lower socioeconomic status. Fighting games are typically available in arcades where you just need spare change to play. Or they are available for consoles that don’t require as much money as a PC to buy and that multiple people can share and play on concurrently.
I thought an ascendant would know about this already
[deleted]
Man had PTSD and was still turning
it is more difficult for ascendents/immortals to rank up. I don't think there are even enough radiants to fill the top 500 leaderboard yet.

Also, when learning things, you get slightly worse because you are trying to forcefully apply that thing until it becomes natural
WHAT THE FUCK
Ye, no rechargeable flash means no info gathering in later parts of the round, which means you have to be careful with when to use the flash to blind the enemies or when to use them for gathering info. The dog doesn't break cypher trips anymore, so that was an issue as well. Once the major uses of her have been nerfed, people just resorted to other agents who can better useful for other purposes. She's still used on split, but they are removing the map from the pool, so idk about her pick rate going forward in pro play.
They also need to reconsider the options to remake. The fact that someone can move or buy a gun r1, afk, and you cannot remake since they weren’t gone all round is insane to me.
yeah it was a braindead move for them to make swift and unrated have the same map pool as comp
No one loved lotus on release, maybe sunset needs a rework too, or just time
Its related but obviously theres a limit to how much it can contribute
Wait how much damage does a trip do
OP’s history is just constant complaining, peaking Gold while having played since Beta renders this post quite self-explanatory. 
Are we going to get a Neon complaint post next? (Yes Riot are going to fix the movement/jumping accuracy which was unintended)
I love that is controversial, as if intentionally exploiting matchmaking systems to play below your skill level isn't weird at all.
If on defense., use it before the enemy pushes out a choke point to slow them down. If on attack, use it on common peak angles to stop them from peak or on smokes and entrance ways to stop the enemy from helping their teammates on site.
Only ranked games are using match making. The rest is wild lol
IIRC, the egg said “there is no 9-3 curse” on the PlatChat co-stream, then in that tournament their proceeded to be 4 3-9 comebacks in that one event alonr
I am not a programmer and i have to say this update was not very well optimized
I'm sorry but what?  


In-Game Economy. In your opinion, do you believe there are gender-based pricing differences or discounts on in-game items in VALORANT?  


You don't need to put this in a survey because there is no gender relations to either in game economy, or cosmetic economy.
raze - r4c, shortykingram (streams on yt only, good if u wanna learn how to double satchel), jingg

jett - kaemi, any pro jett

neon - shirorz, temet, grumpy (he fucks around a lot though so take it with a grain of salt)

yoru - eggster, nosyy, ziptie (doesnt stream often but his yt is good. also same as grumpy theyre always trying new shit but its entertaining so :) )
It's a damage control apology video. We'd never see him addressing his behavior if it wasn't revealed he was boosted.
last act i finished silver 3 at something like 40-60rr or whatevs, got placed in bronze 2\
the amount of matches i get with people who were plat or diamond last act is fucking insane
Immortal, the grind to get from 1 to 3 is exponential (proguides did a video about their discord members who filled out a questionnaire about their warmup, play hours, rank… and analyzed it into a graph, with some numbers showing sort of linear climb from iron to low ascendant, then goes exponential in immortal, comparing immortal 1 to 3, to reaching immortal 1 from iron again. If you count each immortal division as individual ranks, then i would say gold or plat.
^ the only important info in this entire thread we need
So these are the guy who are instalocking my reyna
That being said if you’re bottom frag and don’t do anything to get your mental up/try to improve your performance you’re also shooting yourself in the foot. 

One way of getting mental up is muting toxic teammates. Don’t try and convince yourself they have “useful comms” because you’ll perform better and increase your chances of winning if you do what will serve your game better
We queue again.
At that point, why not just 0 votes and make it automatic?

Like, seriously. That might work, honestly. I don’t know, but hey, it could.
Probably Plat if I had to guess. I've been through every rank except Iron and in plat/diamond there were some rly annoying people
because its a standard feature in the genre and they refuse to add one
I get 'kys' on the daily. Kinda sad if I don't get it now. Means I'm not doing well enough.
I don't really understand the mindset of raging over using an Odin or even a judge. They are in the game for a reason, why not use them. I do understand getting angry because you walked around a corner and got gangbanged by a judge wielding jett but, you just have to change the way you play to get around it.
As a controller main I just LOVE when people ask me to smoke something
1. They can't say its a bad smoke
2. Its good for the team coordination
3. I can think about other things than where to smoke
The sponsor of this video
after haven leaves it would now be the only map not to be rotated out
Good luck running with that honkers. There's a reason why neon is lean and fit ....just as why skye is shredded ...cause she is an Aussie
This happened to me twice yesterday. Sent wingman to plant, took some space while he was planting, then I realized after a gunfight or two that he never planted but he wasn't shot either, he just stopped early like in your clip.
no pecan
Yeah I legitimately get a mental benefit, if I'm not hitting shots at least I can try to be useful with my positioning or utility
I love the feature in csgo where the kill card tells you that the enemy killed you with your own skin ahah.
I've seen random brimstones out of bounds several times and I've never realized that everytime I'd seen him, we'd have an Astra on the game.
It's supposed to be harder to get to Immortal this Act, which is probably what Riot wants. That's actually why the Ascendant rank was originally introduced, because last Act the gap between Radiant and Immortal was disproportionately high.
I would agree with you on a lot of things like the replay system or more customization, more rewards, etc., but there are reasons for the balancing. You partly compared it to League, where there was a huge power creep due to constant buffs and Riot wants to avoid that in Valorant by balancing with nerfs rather than creating "short-term" excitement with buffs. In the case of Viper, the nerfs made sense, which is proven by the fact that she is still being played. She's just not an agent for SoloQ apart from Breeze and maybe Icebox. There were no serious Sentinel nerfs, so that's not true at all. Killjoy is still on many maps like Icebox or Lotus before Cypher and Chamber was rather buffed. Sage on Icebox is also meta again.
they’re not invisible on cypher cam, you can’t see them at all until they are in line of sight of their target I’m 99% sure
Plus it gets smarter with people like us feeding the system any workaround words
People are too stingy with their ults imho. The amount of rounds I’ve lost because a Sage refuses to revive somebody, or a Cypher who refuses to show us where people are. Use it, or lose it.
Deadlocks ult is insanely good in the right hands. Lineup larry can ult default or hiding spots from safety.

When you ult someone with deadlock, the enemy has a two options, hold your peek or try to break the cocoon.

if they shoot at it, i peek or grav them. i even pre grav most of the time.

USUALLY i can get at least two when i ult someone because of playing the ult correctly.

its very strong so i disagree with the change of adding vuln. it's pointless when the enemy has to pull their gun out anyway
Oh my sweet summer child. Update us again in a few months 😂
Million dollar company who hasn’t made a replay system with their highest grossing game like what…
Ive seen people run away with 15 seconds left

Low elo players are scared to die
No?? Fortnite is also global.

They made a bundle for China when they had a holiday.

It's not because it's global, they are just lazy.
You possibly can't have all the accessories from the store that gets updated, your only option is to keep buying those.
I expected him to tp onto the buildings but this is so much better
Yes, especially when I'm playing intiator. Half the time I wind up just watching the flank anyway because everyone just wants to rush the point.
Next you’re gonna tell me british men don’t have fire powers
tbh i like it how it is, otherwise it would only be another flash
She’s so disinterested she’d rather end her life than dance with him lmao
That’s what I was thinking. You can’t tell ppl not to play ranked when they are literally in your rank
And also the swap to time is disgustingly low. You can basically be caught with your util and still pull it out and dome someone.
Okay so for the overaim drill, what you are doing is overaim-> move a tiny bit - >shoot. 
What you should be doing is moving WHILE overaiming, then just shoot when your crosshair is on their head. Compare yours to hooj and you'll see a big difference
It’s kinda true in a way but at the same time there’s only so many things characters can do in a tactical shooter before it becomes overwatch
So there are 2 types of duelists  
Dive and Bodyguard.  
Dive Duelists have movement abilities ( Raze Jett Neon ) to entry on Site.  
Body Guard Duelists have abilities to get their Dive duelist to the chocke point ( Iso Wall, Yoru Clone )
Neon movement
Interesting, also apparently console doesn’t have all the maps so I’ve never been to pearl
in the meantime valorant release date: 2/6/2020
True for viper. I played viper on ascent for so long until i foundout shes apparently bad on it?
This, or trying to re-focus them on the game are the two ways that I have had the most success on
As a sova main seeing my teammates get kills because of my util makes me very happy.

Also when I hit 75 damage darts around corner.
It would be cool to add them in contracts
Every round is a new round, meaning don’t let your mental ruin your game/gunplay. 

Mute your toxic teammates, you can leave their pings on
!remindme 1 week
I would still take a duelist entrying but only doing 100 or so damage each time over a lurking reyna or an iso scared of leaving main. And unfortunately the latter seem far more common at least in plat. Having just one more body pushing out on to site is insanely important - as it stands a good 50% of rounds I play I end up running out as sage or viper or wingman runs out and no one comes with. And no - I'm not just rushing site each time, I wait, hell I wait until my team initiate a push with util, but still no one pushes!
Was your team on an eco? Bcuz all that free guns r delicious
Obviously me , I'm on a 6 game lost streak all negatives (not trynna brag)
People have improved every act and for you to get back I think you should have a new perspective. Just realize that your old peak does not matter and try to improve, every time you die, think about what you could’ve done better. I think mechanics should be enough to get to diamond honestly. I would just deathmatch a lot, work on my mechanics and play roles I can frag on. Also realize you’re just gonna have to carry yourself out of low ranks till like ascendant.
At least let us play it in customs please rito
Even with the controversy going on with Mr banana, but what’s Woohoojin rank up to gold in 1 month guide. It’s a very solid training routine to do every time you get on followed by practicing your “fight hygiene” in DMs. 100% will always recommend this to low rank players
Nice ace
Gekko main here.

Based off of your descriptions of his abilities, it is very clear to me that you try to use Gekkos abilities as if they are any other agent’s abilities, which is already a huge problem.

First off, Mosh. The benefit, which you seem to minimize, is its very large AOE. Learn some lineups spots you want to focus on clearing, and it is very helpful in pushes. For example, clearing behind fridge on A Icebox is a pain, but Mosh makes it much more simple. Clearing out Hell on A Ascent as well. OR! I will use it to hold off CT while I am getting plant down.

Next, Wingman. You seem to underestimate the power of having little bro plant the bomb for you. There is a clear benefit and smaller risk to using him to plant for you. Maybe you plant in a spot that is easily spammable, you throw Wingman out and if he doesn’t get the plant, oh well. Maybe you grab spike and Wingman and try again or rotate. But it gives you more opportunities for success. Also when you are planting yourself, the moment you get hit by something or tagged by a molly, you’ll probably adjust, and waste time. Wingman is tanking that shit. Not to mention if you throw it in tandem with Dizzy, it becomes so many things for the enemy to watch and shoot at, it becomes overwhelming.

Which brings me to Dizzy - if you use it as any other flash, it is awful. So don’t. Throw that thing as high as you can. The benefit is it doesn’t need to be where the enemy is looking. If I hear an enemy around a corner, as an example, I’m throwing Wingman out like a boombot, and aiming for Dizzy to go up and over the enemy’s head so that they either need to do a 180 to shoot it, or just spray and pray.

And after using all those abilities, I just pick them up and keep trucking.

Also an overall benefit to them all, being able to pick them back up. There are some rounds where I rotate repeatedly (this happens a lot on icebox), and I just keep picking up Wingman and Dizzy to clear corners so I don’t get tagged on rotates, pick them up again, and use them on site.

I won’t beat a dead horse on Thrash. That one is the best.

Use the abilities together to overwhelm, use them repeatedly so that you have more util than any other agent, and don’t treat the abilities the exact same way as other initiators, and you’ll get why Gekko is great.

Also all his buddies are very cute as an added bonus.
Pretty much every map can benefit from having two controllers tbh especially if the players know how to play it
I doubt it tho. It's only a 3 min penalty. And I abused that to dodge icebox last act because I had no idea how to play it.
Much better, although should just keep it the same as before
People are just mad.

I'm immortal 3 as an Odin Sova/KJ player, and people still cry about it saying I'm boosted.

Why yes, at the 2nd highest rank in the game, moving down some radiants too, I am boosted. :)



That being said, 2nd round? That sounds bad. You should full buy pistol round to maximize chance of victory, buy an ares + full util and full armor 2nd round to guarantee a 2nd round, bonus on the 3rd, then buy an odin on 4th.
Did you try fake flashing with spike... Thinking that csgo muscle memory will kick in ?
Sometimes it's really depressing how much the community sucks . Then you also have nice people and you can add them as friends
For me its either Jett or Neon, I just can't hit them with their fancy ass movement.
Did any of you read the comments below the arcade bulldog? A dev complimented him on expanding off of the dev’s project. The creator responded that it was a great idea that the dev had. If you read, your argument wouldn’t have had much ground to stand on
Riot knows how to provide an ecosystem that feels like the game is constantly being worked on and added to, without it feeling like it’s struggling to keep up with its competition.
Lucky harbor 


/s just a reference
Pretty much. Think about it, Riot Games a huge company “struggling” to create a replay system…

Truth is a replay system or any major quality of life change wont make any profit for Riot especially in the eyes of the executives.
It could be your Internet connection. It also kinda looks like right when you shoot the cross hair barely moves to the side. 

And if that's not the case you also have to remember that all guns have a percentage to be inaccurate even when standing still
I was reminded that the dog and trips are dangerous couple of times in the last week.
the man literally runs ads every chance he gets, sometimes mid clutches
there’s that one update before Fade release. in The Range you can hear the communication between couple of agents (i can only remember cypher, chamber, sova, kay/o) they’re in a operation trying to catch Fade and they failed miserably if its not for kay/o jumping from the helicopter with the iconic “YOU.ARE.POWERLESS” epic touch to the game imo
yes the description uses them pronoun
Use Iso's Double-tap in the range. Clear 200 bots without missing. Repeat to beat your best time. Restart if you miss. Do not miss.
I had a fucking deathmatch terminated cuz of a cheater. It bearly started as well. I think it went 1-2 mins after warm-up. It was hilarious
So this is why they nerfed the blast pack lol
Breach, be patient, bait my stun and flashes out and I’ll be fucked
Demon1 talked the tiniest possible amount of shit and NRG got destroyed, so the Internet is doing what it always does when things like this happen and wildly overreacting
There is definitely SBMM in unrated, but it's far more loose and will prioritise queue times over keeping everyone the same MMR
Love Pearl, fuck Lotus... shit ass map... (ex-raze now viper main lmao)
I would use “this isnt vct” when someone makes a complex plan in context that this isnt a premade team, they are randoms and its gonna be hard to wing a plan while all other players agree. 

I know it would be nice if they followed, but most dont, they have mental of “run it down, out aim, win” and thats all
Low elo? My ascendant and immortal teammates avoid them like the plague even when i specifically remind them to grab the orbs
played since beta - Jett was OP for way too long imo. absolutely busted. if the player who picked her had even semi-decent aim, guaranteed 25+ kills, 10+ firstbloods.
He has to hit 1 bullet, while you have to hit 2 and pray that he doesnt move for some godforsaken reason?
I know preferences exist, but if you find Shanks funny you are no more than 14yo😅

All he does is scream and squeal on the mic while jumping around his room half naked.
True that
I also thought of several ideas for ability inspects

Yoru’s Teleport would have him like snatch things from the rift similar to how he gets his mask for the ult. I even thought of him like getting a Yoru-themed rubber ducky from the inspect.

Phoenix’s wall could have him start beat boxing and the flames would be like a spectrogram of his music.
Usable toilets like in Vertigo in CS.
Pretty sure it’s specifically for A site you can smoke both sides of triple and have one for either top truck/heaven/flex and gain site control without having to take really bad 50/50s and peaks multiple very strong op angles
Your right, but I do believe they changed it so you can, iv had some teammates screwing around post round bc it was that last guy left in the caccoon, and they were able to kill it.
Yes and no, I wouldn't blame him if he left me there since I wanted to ego fight it. Since their eyes was on me, he had opportunity to do a play, which he did!
smh its reynas ult now
Sorry to be a jackass but the only thing this clip scores is an epileptic seizure.
looks like packet loss.  i've been there, it sucks.
So this clip was posted by a Dolphin?
i mean, she IS pretty hot
Cypher Ultimate because i could see all girls in radius in a disco
Lurking IS baiting when the player doesn't know how to lurk properly.
Your friend has a skill issue, the stinger is legitimately stronger than the spectre at close range. Only problem is multi kill potential due to low bullet count
It was the best Phoenix map and they replaced it with Breeze V2. Now I have to learn to use Chamber or Viper on map because they're so strong on new Breeze.
I heard a response from Charlatan (another Radiant coach) say that he did infact reach radiant and that he was the one that coached him there. 

This evidence is pretty damning, yet there is also evidence for the other side by another coach who showed screenshots and his own testimony. I want to see how this plays out
Unexpected and you can see the spike
mute people that are toxic and move on. you made the right play
Sincerely the "buff" deadlock needs the most is fixing the ult path finding that gets stuck on anything , or in case of 1v1 the ult instakills the target because there's no one (other than Riot's hitboxes) to save him
sample size too small for relevant data
imm2/3
Just like any other new game you’d play. Play more and learn more about the game.
I think you meant a bunch of Jetts jet themselves
*Valorant youtube community comment section be like:-*
True. But they also said a new gun would be added soon and that was on launch. Just for some perspective.
bro, I'm not impressed with Ais himself, I'm impressed that you can play Brimstone and that you don't play like shit on Sunset (I do)
I don't know how to put a gif into a reddit comment. But I instantly thought of Winston from New Girl.
Matchmaking is horrible. Takes to much time to get out of gold + games are to long (40-60 minutes).
Personally the first one I really liked it could helps new players and the background is also really good.
Overall 8.5/10 Would enjey seeing it getting popular
Yeah that's why I went from maining Jett/Duelist in silver to becoming Controller/Sentinel that can lurk in Plat. Can't keep up with them youngsters' aim nowadays so I'll just try to catch 'em off guard
I’m not in love with it, I think it’s fine. But i would rather play fracture then breeze or icebox any day
I know Rito's a big team and should have the bandwidth to catch stuff like this, but it's all the kinda bug where I could see no one even thinking about it so it just slipped by. Hopefully they'll patch it out asap
Viper because she's the only agent i play
Tbf g2 gozen Mimi played in csgo’s female scene in Europe before valorant so she has a lot more experience than your average low immortal player. Also I know g2 won the first gc championship but Shopify won the last one so idk what you mean by back to back?
Attacks sure, but defense I had a guy come from A to C for a skin
In his mind this was the best strategy ever seen in any FPS game ever. Not even fnatic could have ever thought about it in forever.

In reality...
Hate it when, rather than allowing me to partake in culinary activities, my teammates say ‘gg’
546hrs, A1
No like, he literally does that. My actual want was the custom yoru decoy line
Meanwhile: where did omen come from?
I would ask more about why he got bored.  Being that skilled at something doesn't usually lead to boredom, and I'm sure he's aware of the esports scene in Valorant and twitch community/opportunities.  My concern would be that "bored" really means "frustrated"
The Chamber you see is 1% of what he used to be.
I didn't realise until now that my comments could come off that way! I'm a non-native English speaker trying to fit into the global community which could be why my comments seem sarcastic/arrogant. Sorry and I really appreciate everyone commenting and especially the person who laid down tips to improve!
Nope. all skins sound just like the default, even for knifes
There’s no setting that can solve the problem this person pointed out. You just need to practice always having your crosshair at head height.
The style where the xeno knife belongs to. It's super clean. No colors, just pure swish. Looks simple but has a very aggressive poise that's ready to fight anytime.
Those are the easter egg characters, you can also find players cards with them in the shop.

They are hidden in every map
The shading of the round timer doesn’t look as nice now.   And I remember seeing some extra new text on the bottom right of my screen during the round start
145 :(
1000% satcheled into the smoke, never cleared it and didn’t kill you until it faded
absolute madlad/madlass
The overheal is crazy on pistol rounds
People are mad I’m not lower elo lol the enemy team was really bad in these clips but played like diamonds the rest of the game 

I only get like 1-2 nights a week to play a couple games but I’ve played chamber since release
Nah. 
Either you knife him or you died trying. 
Chad either way 😎
I play both. The core is pretty similar the main differences is csgo is more mechanical based (due to the little utility that you need to use smartly and the different weapons plus their are more movement mechanics that anyone can do instead of a few people who lock certain agent ) and valorant more strategy based ( due to the wind variety of different util that is going off at once) in my opinion.

Edit: extra info, when moving if you through any util in csgo it will have greater inaccuracy like when moving and shooting. This has caused me and my friends to kill each other way more than any off us would care to admit.
and yet here you are, commenting on a 20 minute old post in the Valorant subreddit. LOL
yeah both of these are shit. Icebox is less shit at leat I can have fun with the tight angles. Bro breeze is just a fucking park and its so awkward to peek. Skill issue, but still fuck breeze
For those asking, OP is probably colorblind(or just likes the colors lol) and in radeon GPU settings you can set custom color sets for colorblindness.
both are ass honestly lol
Thanks, ChatGPT
Constantly playing Breeze more often than any other map.
If he functions like his ingame self where he can cancel radiant powers he is the most op character. It’s easy to gun down people who are reliant on their powers like Astra, Clove, Phoenix or even Omen. The stronger the powers the more reliant they are the easier the target for Kayo
Asc 2 with 75hz is pretty impressive. If you upgraded, hitting immo would be definitely easier, because almost everybody at asc+ plays with at least 144hz. My last straw was that one comp game in low asc, where somebody asked about refresh rate and every single player in the lobby was 240hz+. I ordered 360hz display that day.
it could be a healing orb, like viper’s makes you vulnerable but his has healing vapors that heal you 

not considering agent/kit/role coherence, i just want to ramble on the hypothetical question
It’s Jett and raze that are played and it ain’t a satchel thing but her entire kit being just better than other duelists characters. The satchel nerf won’t do anything unless the buff to neon is something that will make her good af
>gets ressed by Sage
>no ammo
This is the way. People get too comfortable talking shit behind a monitor, 99% of them would shit themselves if they actually saw you in real life
Funnier than the post lmaooo
When you flick left you diagonally flick downward just FYI. Not sure if it’s a habit, but just letting u know!
"I did the thing" 😭😭😭

Gold?
Yeah so by Katana I mean like the Oni 2.0 melee type, and by Blade I mean the RGX 2.0/Overdrive melee type
Idk why but it's so funny watching you just reacting so slowly and still succeeding
How they're trying to spin *another* currency system and *another* FOMO-based rotating shop as a great thing for the game is beyond me.

And there's a cap on the new currency? Really? I really really really *really* don't want to micromanage ANOTHER currency. Get outa here.
I dont get how Breach isnt considered broken to be honest. Hes so good. Im only gold to be fair so maybe he falls off but I dont even main him and every time i play him i do well. 

You have 3 pieces of utility that allow you to basically guarantee a fight win if you know their position. You can make your teammates insta-win any fight by watching your map and using Fault Line off contact. His ult is amazing. Aftershock is probably his worst ability but is still solid for post plant and can occasionally net a kill on people playing ratty spots

He pulls his gun out super fast after using utility so he can be a good selfish character if you can find the time to get past the equip animation, and he can basically set the tempo of the round on his own because spamming Breach util is so overwhelmingly strong

Hes super hard to counterplay - his biggest weaknesses are that he can't gather intel at all and his abilities have long pullout times, both weaknesses which are covered up by having your teammates play near you , which Breach should be doing anyway because his abilities allow him to heavily sway team fights
it's a great agent when you're with your team. you can call out and give smokes even after you die. and the decay tool is very great if used in a combo with sova or raze.

overall? 8/10
I actually never encountered that. Sometimes, couples say they are playing it as a duo. But other than that 0. Maybe they are trolling you?
The clip is a few seconds into the round. Jett peeked as soon as the barriers dropped and Fade was there with me so he knew Jett was hookah. Also, I know you can't see it in the video but Fade didn't die there, which made the accusation a lot more confusing to me... If he had died, I could've understood him saying that out of frustration, but since it wasn't the case, I was like "wtf???", so I genuinely wanted to know if I'm unintentionally baiting people. Him and his duo were kinda toxic though, so maybe that explains it. Thank you for your opinion.
You'd be surprised how many people just play with sound coming out of their speakers
Can someone explain how the bolded parts make any sense? I need to own the agent to get to level 5.... but if I already own the agent I am not eligible to get the kingdom credits at level 5?

> Agent Gear
> All of your favorite Agent-themed gear is available for Kingdom Credits. For every Agent, there are now 10 Levels of Agent Gear instead of 10 Levels of Agent Contract. **To get an Agent's gear, you must first own the Agent**, then unlock each Level of Agent Gear.
> Level 5 used to unlock Agents. However, since we moved Agents into the Agent Store, Level 5 will now grant you a flat amount of Kingdom Credits. **If you already have the Agent, however, you won't get any Kingdom Credits at Level 5**


EDIT: I see, it reads like "if you already have the agent prior to gear level 5", which would make no sense. But what they meant by already is "if you have the agent prior to patch 7.0"
Spaghetti code is a common term used to describe shitty coding, it has nothing to do with league specifically
Something something High Noon
With her wall buff, she's not total shit... But her strengths / how to take advantage of her utility is a bit less intuitive than lots of agents, and she's weak against contact and lurks which is the strength of the "classic" sentinels like Cypher and KJ who have come to dominate the meta for that position.
most non-informative valorant content creators are super cringe or super toxic, life goes on.
I buy the BP mainly for the radianite lol 😭
Lock In.
Iron but I think you're smurfing to have the confidence to do that and not panic spray
I get the whole "you don't have to use radianite" argument, but I definitely agree with you. It's honestly way too overwhelming and sometimes feels like a slap in the face.
they're not going to reduce rr penalty due to afk teammates because this can be abused by parties with someone on an alt, where the IDGAF account will quit a clearly losing game, to help others lose less rr.
Yeah scar is easily countered, we would see it in pro play if it actually had any value.
You can also zoom in too. It's basically a pocket guardian.
That made me think... a decent idea for an agent's ability though.
raze on ascent absolutely works imo, also it's low immo ranked so who tf cares what you play as long as you're good at it
3 sec horror story, my heart breaks everytime I see a deadlock waste an ult
I mute anyone the instant they say something off or mean. I'd rather not hear comms and possibly lose than listen to mean comments!
I mean what buff would you even give him? His abilities are gun, gun, worse killjoy bot and teleport. I don't think you can buff his teleport because you'd risk making him overpowered again and buffing trap won't do much because kj turrets and cypher trap will still just do the same thing (except arguably better in some scenarios).
Nobody shares a 1 for 1 kit though, that's why they can add more
That’s messed up, but i just found it funny how he said “no distractions” and then you got spammed with discord notifs
"maybe i don't wanna walk in straight lines and die"
* His teleport had a huge range and had two "anchors", instead of one. For example, you could literally go between A and B on Bind by placing one anchor in Lamps on A, and the other on Cubby on B. His anchors would also respawn if an enemy destroyed one during the round, rather than being disabled entirely.
* He had two trips, instead of one.
* His pistol had almost no aim penalty for strafe firing. 
* His ult cost 7 orbs, and could be spam fired with no penalty. It also one-shot players in the leg.
its crazy that people still think gyro aim is a gimmick

waggle and its consequences have been a disaster for input methods in gaming
s0m, he is pretty chill but his gameplay kinda 'throwy' at times because he limit test so much
Need a Blub Blub Phantom skin
If there's anything I've learned, it's the pro players generally don't know shit about optimization or peripheral settings.

While Tenz is probably more knowledgeable about mice in particular, I often think of the whole Shroud mouse/mousepad/skates comments which were downright incorrect.
soloq is a 50/50 , youll have good teammates sometimes and bad teammates other times!
You can actually shoot enemy iso orbs
Just make sure you're using the right gun. I had a game once in a plat/diamond lobby where the top frag had 5% headshot rate. He was using classic phantom and judge with brimstone.
and stop scoping in whenever you see an enemy. It's incredible how many new players I see that do that all the time, no matter how far the enemy is, they always zoom in.
You will usually see it in their aim and I've always thought his aim was weak despite him glazing his own "radiant level aim" every time he streams. 

He's a good coach though.
I was gonna say KJ but it has to be beta two grenade raze. Remember, those grenades were also stronger.
For anyone wondering hes current gold 3 peak plat 3

tracker for reference:
[https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/Jezzah%238280/matches](https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/Jezzah%238280/matches)
Wtf, you guys don't use your shifting pedal controller to click the circles in osu?
You hit them right in the middle where both their hands overlap..
Well you have to select an agent, so someone who is AFK would not cause the game to load and result in a remake
pretty sure them advertising it as being at a discounted price when you can’t purchase them separately is actually illegal in Australia but yeah, probably should’ve been free
no kuronami won’t appear in night market
“Everything below my rank is low elo, and everything at and above my rank is high elo.”
Just voted. Man I used to hate Fracture and now I miss it so much. Pearl was great too, Haven was my favorite most of all.
I just imagined a surgeon making a terrible mistake mid surgery and then b-hopping around the room with a scalpel in his hand like a maniac, thanks.
You slowed it down, zoomed in, and still couldn't see that you missed? You just shot early. Nothing more. Nothing less.
Slow it down even more, and maybe you'll see you just shot a smidgen too early
How, it will make people easier to find "enjoyable" wepon.
same here
They should buff him to have a voiceline like Fade's ult, where she says 'marked 5' etc.
foul but accurate 😭😭😭😭
I remember a clip from average Jonas where he as deadlock ulted a ulting omen and did like 80k or so damage
At some point you don't count living agents (e.g. 5v3) but remaining ammo (e.g. 70v10)
I can get people complaining about everything \*else\* but this. I complain about some other things in Valo, but I don't get why some people complain about... playing a game like its meant to be played. It honestly vexes me.
The clone runs with your knife out
that’s what really piqued my interest. Having access to their util after death is kinda nuts
you can't rez if your death means the end of the round.  if you're the last one alive on defense then die, the round is immediately over regardless of bomb status
Oh god please no
Im saying either subreddit because they are both made by the same company, Riot “Rito” games as the community calls them as an ongoing joke.
Bro, you also took 9 months. But see what a gem you are
Deathmatch is there to show you that NO you are not held back by your team.
it is definitely a high rank and you should be proud of the work you put into getting there. it’s pretty far above a large chunk of the community after all

push onto ascendant, you got this :)
if you force and lose you gotta force match point as well.. it's proably a lose. if you save and give up the round, i mean you can still win an eco but then you have full buy for the next round and might get it to overtime.

it's tough but i don't really think you want to be at a disadvantage for the last 2 rounds of the game.
as funny as it would be, it wouldn't really do anything?
Like running straight into someone and shooting point blank (unless it's the last enemy alive) is basicly the same anyway?
And people might try to draw connections to acts of terror, and honestly raze already has jokes surrounding her that she probably shouldn't anyway (at least from what I've seen in game)
Some ults are cheap, such as cypher or phoenix. If you use them often then you can reasonably expect to get three or four per half. Cypher ult in particular can save someone from getting picked off from a lurk or a late play, even if the round is relatively secured which can save your team’s economy later in the half.
This right here is what flow state looks like
They not built for the role. They don’t wanna get active. I’ll run down mid with a Bucky and 2 slides 7 rounds in a row as long as I kill one person each time.
Thank u!
Nah it’s def a little slower with the classic the knife is going to be the fastest walk speed no matter what
nah the loot boxes are way better. a few dollars to open a box of goodies, and you never get what you want. Do that on repeat every day and you get gambling addicts and it's just a constant money maker. The amount of money you can spend on valorant is limited.
as if a gun with 100s of bullets and a huge magazine doesn’t exist in the meta
I need Vipers ult to cover the whole site
Fnatic manager, DELETE.
What the iron.
She could go pro or at least grind immo/radiant if she wanted. But in pro case she needs to learn habits like right communication, maining some agents, patience etc
- Bodyshotbarry
Yoru knives > jett knives
Remember when Rito said they'd add a map vote option once there are enough maps in the rotation but instead just started taking maps out of rotation to not include a map vote?
I get it but keep in mind not everyone can or want to use mics.

Girls get harassed, 

people have social anxiety,

 some people don't use mics or can't afford good ones.

Some people have constant background noise.

Just like girls little kids can often get harassed.

Not saying this is the case ALL the time but it can often be a part of it.
araxys vandal!
That’s what I thought at first too, but the light color is when clove is alive, the dark purple is when clove is dead. This applies to both your clove and the enemy’s clove. To tell the difference you shush have to look closely for the red hue that enemy util always has. I have noticed that it’s harder to tell with clove smokes though.
I bought Kuronami Vandal, my friend bought Oni Phantom.

We’re like 2 straight dudes living in the same apartment to save money.
I really want to get good with yoru but I'm so inconsistent with him and people seem to read my TPs or fakes so easily in diamond haha its like they don't react to sound cues at all
Sounds like ur unlucky af, or ur MMR is terrible. I've currently just won 10 games almost back to back at high dia/asc lobbies and the comms and teamwork were amazing.
Idk about y’all but I’d rather be caught dead than wear white pants. IRL or in game smh.
The duelist sitting there and watching everything Halle. Around him. Classic.
Also early morning or late night tends to queue with similar people. Peak times it’s less likely obviously
Literally the main reason I haven't submitted a vod review is because of the way he laughs and makes fun of people for certain plays and I'm sure he'd end up finding at least one thing to laugh at in my vods. I hope he really does change.
Holy fuck please change the map rotation already
HOLY
Imagine if there was a system
As a former overwatch player I understand
Pretty cool easter egg
The remake system was designed to rectify issues of people crashing during load in. It really isnt effective in helping early round DCs.
just fits a different niche than what people expect of a sentinel. play what u like it doesnt matter till high elo
Double Controller feels so OP sometimes in ranked. If you can coordinate then 9/10 times the enemy team just can't handle it.
You can mute text too.
NO AMMO BRO
2000+ hours with near perfection for his solo play with random people.

Where did he peak in Radiant? What agent does he main?

If he has peaked top 50, then he might be able to go pro, but it mostly depends.
oooh. 

Looter shooter in the val universe would be crazy
Fragile EGO.

Thats it. You cant call shit on ranked cause people hate being told what to do, even if you are doing the right calls. 

Cant even ask my Sky for a flash or my breach for a stun because I just saw that enemy jett has 5.5k and might buy an OP. Then they act all surprised when she does buy an OP and destroys our team. 

I stopped asking for utility and just play selfishly cause I cant be bothered to treat with all this subhuman beings.
It's the rugpull economy. Businesses don't try for long term success anymore, instead focusing on sucking all the remaining value out of whatever's there.
They really had to have icebox and breeze in the same rotation and the fact we lost haven for it makes it 10x worse
I'd love to see gyro aiming in valo (and more FPS games in general) but it might not happen if the game is planned to release on xbox, since i think their controllers don't support gyro aiming. otherwise there would be a serious competitive disparity between ps/xbox players 
 
funnily enough, cs2 supports gyro because of the steam deck so there's already precedent for it existing in a tac shooter
I think he has potential. He's definitely not the best as a solo duelist, but if he goes in with/right after your Jett or Raze, he can kinda pop off. His vulnerable has a lot of teamplay potential too. 

Also I love it when he ults, loses intentionally, only for the victorious victim to be knifed.
Yall better think twice b4 spamming my sage wall now 😈
tell your friend that he's a stupid dick.

Been playing since the BETA, i started in silver and just hit immo 3 last month. I've had to deal with THOUSANDS of smurfs and throwers. A rational person would get smurfed on and think to themselves 'I'm never doing that to anyone'. Not 'everyone deserves this behaviour' 

What an awful way to think. 

I never have- and never will smurf. Neither should you.
Im not reading that lil bro
impossible for us to say what makes it feel different for you. After 100's of hours, you should adjust.
Everyone in your team sucks. Don't be sorry, be better. You make the difference not your teammates.
The Omen spent so much time looking at fuck all that it couldve happened several ways tbh. I doubt he was by the double stack box the entire time. If he hugged the platform as he walked up from long and then was looking toward site as he passed where Omen was crouched theres definitely enough time for him to end up back there while Omen was looking at nothing + smoking
immortal peak who is currently gold 2 here... I took 3 years off and just returned this act. I haven't played an FPS since then and the game has evolved a LOT between new agents and maps. I had a negative winrate for the first week back, but now im at 32 wins of my last 50 games. 

Even though I only play ranked, I dont take it nearly as seriously as I used to which probably takes a toll. The time investment to get back to immortal is too big for me, but ill enjoy the climb and seeing how far I can get casually.
"ahh, it must have been the wind" 

-clove
Tomfoolery
Skye because I want all the summons.  I bet I could make the dragon that Jett requested.
I had good aim and went straight from counter strike into diamond. This season my first season. I'm d3 now and will definitely get ascendant soon. I play duelist and initiator.
My average team mate in ranked

But they don't kill anyone
I think it's way younger than that tbh
Yoru when playing against Brimstone says “who let that old man out of the nursing home” and it kills me
i think it's great
should be an option, the text was extra dopamine for me
I feel like there’s not enough counter play to his trips. He can make so many “safe” trips were it’s almost impossible to push the sight
Yep. Wait till you are forced to clear a corner and accidentally swing too far and fall. I think this won't even be a fun gimmick, just an incredibly irritating thing that can happen. Thank fuck the drop seems long. As a yoru main, I'll likely be able to dip out via TP if a fall, granted I don't keep my falling momentum and die of fall damage at tp.
Hydro dragon, hydr- wrong game
I had a game yesterday where nobody ever said anything, and we silently surrendered after the half. Game was 5-7.
Same, i started practicing at ep4 act 3, cant do it up to this day
What? Bulldog isn't always a must over a Spectre after a pistol win. It's probably most optimal to have both Spectres/Stingers and Bulldogs/Marshalls, and even Bucky/Judge. It is highly situational. Your statement is just bs.
Bro is pulling stats out of thin air.
You must let go of your earthly tether. Enter the void. Empty and become the wind.
Just spawn behind someone else
No, be versatile and know how to play all characters that are viable.
Also in CSGO Ts get a pistol that is accurate while running and the CTs get a one tap pistol, so that kind of speeds things up I feel
Coach/assistant and 6th player get them aswell. Not 100% what this tittle was for.
Truth to be told, us asians are obsessed with boba xD
He literally asked when is a good time to buy a marshal.
Yes, but pros do it knowing exactly when and why, silver players do it every time out of habit, it's completely different. It's not just about head level either, a moving target is way harder to hit, especially for someone spraying, in most of the ladder being hard to hit gives you way more value than the slight boost in accuracy from crouching, in pro play everyone is super cracked anyway, so the extra accuracy becomes stronger there as well. Pros also trade each other more efficiently, and a bunch of other factors go into it at that level.
See how at 0:07 you're at 2 bullets, you shoot one and come back to two bullets?

You have a ping problem, not an aim issue xD
canonically skye’s entire family was slaughtered by the roman empire, which is why she hates them
It's funny because from a lore perspective, Kayo's whole thing is disabling a radiant's powers. And here is Iso just not having his power disabled lol.
I had a game today where one threatened to do really bad stuff to me and my family. Just because I said no to dropping a skin. I will drop skins to people who are polite and ask nicely but when they demand for the skin that’s an instant no from me.
I really hate when people ask me for skins when I’m playing an agent that requires you to set up utilities before the game starts, they will body block and then I don’t get to setup my utilities for the round.
One pyramid is called "Delete" the other is called "This-Map"
This is potentially our missing agent 8 based on the '008' on the player card
Wall plus slow orbs can grind an attack to a halt. Really strong if used in the right places! But yeah, sometimes you feel like you’re reduced to a glorified health pack by your duelists.
Interesting. You can see the extra health doesn't take the 66% like armor would but it is supposed to function the same afaik.
Minecraft :gigachad:
Omen finally got her after the cinematic
Yep. Just don’t be the guy who rank checks everyone in the lobby lol.
After the upgrade, some say it Hz to go back 😎
Because children play this game. I haven't heard of anything like this happening in the one year since I switched over to CSGO. 

Im one of the people who started on Valorant and then went to CS for reference
I agree unlocking agents is def a lot faster now. Playing 1-2 hours a day, it usually only takes me a week to unlock an agent. From what I remember the levels system used to feel a lot grindy-er and it took me more like 2-3 weeks of light play to get to an agent.
I would say needing a wall in two different spots, a satchel, an updraft, float, and dash should qualify as insane tech.
I think I now know how to finally get out of iron.  Queue with a five stack of iron/bronze buddies after 11:30PM my time :D  /j  

I dropped off the stream just before seeing this happen (had to get up early this morning).  I hope that the low elo wed will continue, just with inhouses instead :) If anything the inhouses should be a better challenge for trying out this stuff as BOTH sides will be trying the stuff out!
Fnatic manager here. 

Delete this rn.
Sponsorship
Dang, DL gave up the chance to have a giant polar bear buddy just because it killed her entire team and threatened to take over her mind… lame. No longer my main.
She is 1st-3rd in almost every statistical category like combat score or kd in imm and radiant

The “Reyna is bad in high elo” thing is the biggest lie ever told in valorant and is ridiculously often parroted

She is the best character at playing for themselves to solo carry games and it isn’t close.
They need to add in phone verification to play ranked. So your account is a little more precious. It’d also make smurfs drop off quite hard too. 

Buuuut more accounts means more people buying skins and it makes their numbers look better to their investors. So I doubt they’d do it.
Seriously though people always bring up how easy it is to spoof phone numbers and yet most people who smurf won't go through that effort.


The reason so many exist is because how easy it is to do it because Riot is more concerned with getting them to the smurf queue quickly rather than stopping any of the account creation process.


What that tells me atleast is that they see your games as completely fine collateral in this effort.
"Activating kill mode. That's a joke. Kill mode is default." -KAY/O
Yo for real omen ult would be busted
You could still pull off a light + vandal as a surprise gotcha round, but do it a lot then they buy the new rifle
Run and gun was definitely nerfed. I do agree that something seems off though. Gunplay doesn't feel good. Maybe the riot hamsters are struggling to power the servers again?
huh, I played on Tokyo servers a few months after release and I got a lot of supportive players that say "naisu!" a lot after a clutch or something

I guess it took a while for the jerks to arrive
split and lotus aren't that bad. split is top tier imo. but lotus is really low-ranked unfriendly because of its unbalanced bombsites (A has much more room to play with as opposed to C where you just have to rush a chokepoint therefore fundementally requiring a lot of strategy on defense) and breeze is just well, breeze. morbidly obese in size and flows very unnaturally.
Learning that the spectre is not the best gun.
In asc my teammates tell me to use the odin when I go double negative with rifles xd it's just banter don't worry about it
God, I hope double TP never comes back. It was straight-up unfair how he could keep any off-angle for as long as he wanted and just dip out whenever he wanted to
Some valo players are weird, one time i had random teammates who were a couple, the bf was always blaming the gf whenever we lost. After 3 or 4 rounds of the second half i heard the bf yelling and smashing things like crazy. That was mental.
Yeah I'd say Phoenix has the hardest flash to dodge reliably by a large margin, except for maybe those special kayo sky flashes
You shouldn't find someone to play with. That'd only hinder your growth at the moment.

There's three things you need to do.

1. Stop playing breach. At the moment, I don't have access to a VOD or anything, so I can't say for certain, but I don't have many doubts that you are trying to use abilities too often, and poorly. Especially on a character like breach. Your sole focus in your games below gold should be to click on the enemy's head with your gun. Not use abilities. Breach is a very high skill and team agent. Stop playing him.

2. Play more consistently. You have huge month long gaps in between your games then just play a bunch a day. You're not going to get better like that. I don't know if you have actual limitations from when you can play but simply playing two games a day for most of the week will be sufficient for improving. You're giving yourself too much time off to actually improve.

3. Lastly, watch woohoojin's get to gold guide if you REALLY care about getting out of iron. You've got 160 hrs lifetime. If you actually want to develop the habits to improve he's got all the resources for you if you're willing to put in the effort.
This exact same thing happened to me about a month ago from a duo of idiots who kept speaking in a Cartman voice, used tons of homophobic language and slurs, and bullied me and my friend through text chat, voice chat, and through hero abilities. Despite their throwing, we actually still "won" the last round to get to overtime, but they spammed the defuse button on spike so I couldn't defuse, forcing us to lose the round and therefore the match, all while flaming in chat of course. It was in ranked, too.

I don't understand what kind of sad life someone must have to act like this, but if it's any consolation, they were penalized from the reports within a few hours. Hopefully the same happens in your case, and these folks get some much needed intensive therapy!
Oh wow another hindsight "coach" that hides his accounts & competitive credentials was lying about being radiant? Shocked I tell you.

But don't worry guys, this guy wasn't trying to be a content creator at the time! This definitely wasn't a intentionally calculated business strategy that has already been done across other competitive games.

Yeah surely the [$16,000 in monthly revenue](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/robertcrenteria_server-subscription-spotlight-meet-woohoojin-activity-7076972800871198721-b5AP?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_android) had no motivating factor — he just really wanted to help Valorant players seemingly overnight!
yeah but this is a bug that should be fixed lmao because that half a second could mean everything in a game where it comes down to the millisecond in plant situations 
I accidentally one tapped the last enemy because he scared the living hell out of me, when I was using a camera. Our Raze with 4 kills first cursed me out and then left.
It was poorly worded. HS here means half shield, these are the damage values: 

Head: 238 
Body: 140
Legs: 119
Just don't, tell them if you put them to 4v1 u in customs, them explain to them the difference between themselves at silver and players like you in a higher tier, I've seen multiple boosted ascendants, so I think it's good for u not to add anymore more to my lobbies
due to competitive integrity and problems between orgs i think it's better this doesn't happen, instead maybe a Showmatch between pros with shorty only before the grand final
Shes only good as a solo smokes on icebox in the current pool (and breeze is the only other map where she's viable as solo smokes) and while shes incredibly strong as a secondary smoker, the coordination needed for that is higher than what you get in a ranked lobby
It’s probably because rito decided to code the kill to happen once an enemy reached that specified distance, and since omen essentially tp’ed, it essentially made him travel an infinite distance (or just a large enough one) which instantly triggered the kill. In addition, there’s a possibility damage could scale on the distance travelled (from 0-150 instantly from point of contact to kill location in a standard ult). So, with that large distance you essentially caused an absurdly huge damage spike or something of the sort, that would give you so much ACS. But yeah it’s still a bug, and im no master at coding, so I wouldn’t know.
Honestly I feel like kayo should be able to shut it off
Deinstall
riot prioritizes pro level play and high elo for balancing, mostly because a healthy pro scene sustaines the player base but also because agent balancing is normally not a huge factor in being stuck in low elo :)
"And that's how I met your mom" aa story
Where is that info from, do you have any official source? I heard it a lot, but cant find any tweets/reddit posts to confirm
revive me
"Just play DM" -This one is by far the worst advice you can give a newer player. If you are trying to improve your aim, you need to go into DM understanding what you are trying to work on. 

If you're struggling with dead zoning, focus on that, if it's crosshair placement or pre-firing, work on that instead. Blindly hoping for improvement without identifying what issues plague your gameplay will lead to inconsistent progress and results. 

My advice would be to record a video "VOD" of your gameplay and identify mistakes that repeat and standout.
A good reason to nerf Chamber once again.
*Accidentally silvers his way into ascendant*
I mute them so they get even more pissed off then unmute them and don’t say anything bc I find it funny how mad some people get
Take some breaks bro, give some time on training also
lmao, my favorite part is that instace where you have the enemy dead center in your corss hair, and you do some epic gamer flicks the moment you shoot and then recenter again at the  enemy's head with shourd like presicion, only to flick of her head before shooting again
Yes, 4 fracture orbs + 4 kills. Nearly impossible to pull off. You can grab the ult orb in swift play which is easier
Cancel culture are people pouring out bud light over a trans can. Kicking somebody out a tournament/team for being a racist is not cancel culture. You fucking idiots
In my lobbies, it’s less “cypher push with the team!” And more “Reyna, you’re the only duelist and have the spike. Please stop running mid and dying every round.”
>having to press the button two times to dash still feels weird.

I can relate to this weird af
What the fuck?
15 for each segment and like 30? for the main orb in the middle
I think your right but as the ranks go higher the lobby’s to become more consistent most of the time there’s still some exceptions to every rule and you don’t have to play ranked play whatever but tbh I think that’s the main drive to play valorant is to try get better and ranked is a measure of skill not always an accurate measure but a measurement nonetheless
Every online shooter has a cheating problem
Correct!! Hundred points to Gryffindor.
"Hi my name's Peter, No No super powers I just saw the ad."
Why are they removing split? What about pearl? And why cant we have no map pool and enjoy all maps at once ffs!!!
Also, big part of smurfing isnt just the “40bomb reyna/jett…” but also 0/20 agents because smurfs need bad games to drop mmr/rr so they can keep playing there. I encountered a blatant boosting acc, where they had like 2,0+ kd ratio when queued w someone and always went 0/x when they played alone. Im not saying all bad people are smurfs, but many will drop on purpose, some just arent having a good game, it happens (i had one game as omen and went like 23 smtn kills, next game, same agent, same map, same mentality, but i barely got 5 kills, it happens)
Im actually disturbed at the amount of people that I see type “peak” in Ranked

You guys are joking…right…?
Brim is such a rat of a character, I love him. His smokes blocking vision make him insane with the shotgun, and his half way across the map molly, so many cheese kills you can get with him
His 2-week prime will be remembered
As a cypher main I am confused asf where should I place my trips cuz no way only 2 trips will help me cover the whole flank protection.
I dont even get the appeal with abnormally large breasts. It physically cringes me so much
everybody forgetting Astra having 5 stars was the most oppressive meta ever
well you can see that it ended up behind the clove instead of landing at their feet, but it’s still bullshit
That this shot landed is crazy. First thought you got killed by Reyna but that would have been impossible.
16 and 15 plants what the fuck lmfao
its "i hate her".
Still not convinced a single target ult that doesn't necessarily kill is all that good. Hopefully its only 6 points.
We have this in counter strike as well
Because it's the only one that has an anti cheat that works decently well. Every other fps is infested with cheaters and even non fps games. Recently cheats appeared in rocket league for the first time, a game that everyone thought was cheat-proof because of the way it works.
This is such a weird thing to unlearn. Never played a shooter like this before so moving and shooting is like muscle memory from COD or Apex lol. Just have to keep at it until my dumb brain gets it
The other day I played with a Reyna who asked me for my skin multiple times. He asked nicely and wasn't annoying or anything, so I was happy to drop my skin. 

Towards the end of the game, me and the Reyna are doing the usual at the beginning of the round and the Chamber decides to ask for my skin too, then drops his while I'm buying for Reyna and at some point some of us have guns, some don't, the Chamber is whinning and begging and I'm completely lost. The guy managed to create such a mess that I didn't process the whole thing. 

As expected, at the beginning of the round Chamber didn't have a gun and I was going to drop him back the one he dropped in the middle of the mess but then I remembered he was the one who caused this and decided that I shouldn't be the one without a gun because of his skin begging. He got mad, became toxic, started throwing and said he never asked for my skin because he has his and I just stole his gun because I felt like it.

For some reason, the audacity of this dude triggered me and I started talking back to him. I mentioned things like begging for skins and stuff and my only regret is that the Reyna may have misinterpreted what I was saying and think I had a problem with him, when the Chamber was my only problem because I have no problem dropping skins to people who are nice.

I've also encountered kids who *demanded* my skins and to those requests, I said no. They proceeded to tell the enemy team that I was toxic and asked them to report me. That's how cringe people get over skins.
That’s insane a valorant ad is in a theater but it happened to Overwatch 2 a year ago so I can sort of see the tactic
Wait what? Tokyo server has been one of the most pleasant experiences for me when I play there. People don’t comm as much but everyone seems very polite and everyone follows meta and eco from silver and above. SG and HK are more of a hit and miss as certain cultures tend to put less emphasis on courtesy.
I would agree. As a controller main I would say one of the most frustrating parts of this gameplay is when your team doesn’t follow up with your smokes. 

At the end of the day this is a teamwork centered game. If your team isn’t working together then it’s a for sure loss
probably die
It can be stressful to lose matches. But, he’s attempting to learn new agents which will make him a better player in the long run. IE - a Sova main knows where the Sova must drone from. Thus, one can use that to their advantage to get the enemy Sova in a moment when he’s stuck in his utility and where he’d likely be. Even learning Cypher can teach him where to Raze grenade or shock dart Cypher trips in the future. It all goes together.
It's good like this. Also defenders are nerfed in mid since they removed b backsite
Man that’s awesome I’m still stuck in dogshitter 2 :(
[Smurfing is a bannable offense in Valorant](https://www.thespike.gg/valorant/tips/what-is-smurfing-in-valorant#) but definitively knowing who is and isn’t a Smurf is the real issue. 

I’ve been accused of smurfing and I’m currently sitting at account level 28. Started this season/act/episode. 

South Korea has virtually no smurfing issues because their real-life identification is tied to their account. Cheating is actually illegal in South Korea, and you can be fined, or jailed for cheating in a video game. 

Good luck convincing North America, or Europe with tying their video game accounts to their real-life identification though. 
Astra is hard for solo queue since she needs coordination, better off playing astra with a 5 stack party
Its halal. Halal - good, haram - bad. 

ps im just assuming you did a mistake, and did not intend any offence.
Nice try Riot marketing
So it happens....it turns to sapphire or Ruby atleast once?
I was literally thinking this just today! I think it's silly that I can't have a finisher because I prefer a specific style over another
aspas, derke, most of fnatic roster for that matter. lol
I'm d1 and still very often need to convince my half of my teammates to buy up
Sage mains rise the fuck up 😈
just play default skins like Faker - the millionaire.
Cypher has always been able to trip the inside of the A main entrance at an angles where attackers can’t shoot it unless they’ve activated the wire. Now that dogs don’t break the wire you have to rely on a delayed raze satchel (shoot able) or a sova dart to break it. Additionally, cyphers have started putting a second trip above the first one to prevent raze and Jett from jumping/by passing the lower one. This shuts down a large portion of the map.
Rebibe me jett
The problem is a lot of players dont know how to lurk Properly or will constantly do it on characters that are better suited to taking map control with the main push
Guesss you didn't like the KO responses.
This fucking Gekko lolol
The shot in the end is illegal lmao, good stuff
Sunset. I’d live in the rec center. The basketball court and skatepark are nearby and what looks like a mall, if I can find a way across the rift, is a short walk away.
well, 0 lol
Yes ! Wingman is the best thing in CS2.
Smokes last a lot longer, like 15 seconds ish, cage last for like 8? That’s a huge difference
Worth it.
Devs couldn't be bothered to move the spawn point when they moved screen
Lol... why? The spectre is MADE for fights like this
If you get this border line mental and upset for a rank, you really need to take a break and judge things with clear head. 27 games is too little data to even consider win/lose ratio being relevant.
How long are queue times for you?
Looks like a worse Araxys.
very carefully i'd assume
Point still stands, you shouldn't need more aim than "point in the general direction" with the bucky.

What's the point of the bucky if the aim area size is just slightly larger than a sheriff? Why buy a bucky over a shorty then?

That shot was too high, but it SHOULDN'T be too high at that distance.
the bulldog lol once you know hot to play it its the best weapon in the game
Like why am I getting one tapped in bronze 

Where are people like my friends who take 5 business days to aim and spray?

Why is everyone cracked in every elo?
"PULL THEM TO THEIR GRAVE!"
   
*Shoots it directly at an enemy*
   
"Nothing there"
   
Fuck.
   
*Dies*
To everyone confused: Cypher ulted, first ping on Viper was A bricks, second ping (after 3 seconds) was Mid (where OP was killed). To everyone saying Viper has legs: OP was in view of mid the whole time between the two pings which Viper would have had to cross. The ult glitched.
Energy level. Some people just have more energy at night and better focus. But that’s also could be from other under lying issues. For example not enough sleep, caffeine usage, too much screen time before bed ect. Messing with your sleep cycle by gaming late at night will inevitably leading you to be more drowsy in the day and more focused at night. You don’t have to listen to my words but if you do want to have more focus during the day I’d try to get out of that bad habit 👍
I’m Scottish and every one of cloves lines use common phrases and expressions.
diamond 1, was global elite in cs:go, absolutely 0 hours in aim trainers
nooo clear your corners, what elo is this plat? you got spike and your team not even holding it
worst thing about this map is that the win condition on attack is plant for b long
Interesting to know. Never happened to me as Omen but maybe this is something to consider when playing Brim.
By killing them and taking aggressive off angles that are hard to trade him out of because of his tp. His trip also allows him to hold a second lane.
I don’t like sand
A lot of people want to play on their best maps so they get good placements, so they dodge anything that isn't their top choices, especially Abyss as only a handful of people actually know how to play it.
Vipers orb can be picked up, and she has 2 snake bites.
For me it was either the RGX butterfly knife or magepunk sparkswitch. Then the RGX karambit came aling and my money left.
Things have changed a little but actually kind of in the opposite direction. 


You should definitely be buying on round 2 anti-eco but nowadays sometimes you do it the old way and sometimes you can have 3 people buy rifles and 2 save and retrieve those rifles on death because it makes you snowball harder.
Divorce
Is this like the gta 6 situation where they were going to release it later but then released it early cause it got leaked?
In ideal scenarios, yes. The only time you might save is if you want to guarantee an operator 4th round even in the worst case scenario of losing 2nd and 3rd rounds, but even then you should still be buying something: 3000 for 1st round win, 1900 for 2nd round loss, 2400 for 3rd round loss = 7300, so about 1500 to spend.

Even then, you should only do that if all 4 of your teammates are full-buying. 

Unless you are literally useless without an operator, giving up 2nd round buy for a guarantee on the 4th round is probably not worth giving up 2nd round win, especially considering a 2nd round win also almost guarantees you a 4th round operator (3000 for 2nd round win, 1900 for 3rd round loss + hopefully enough for half-armor and some utility from some kills or spike plant/defuse bonus).
Considering the crosshair placements and overall team gameplay I would say about silver/gold my final guess would be S3.   


Nice ace :)
Demon1 is still my definitive answer. But oxy has so much potential, can't wait to see him grow
It gives me "I'm legally blind" vibes...
waiting for that clove to post her pov titled "Fasted 5v2 clutch ever recorded"
yeah this lol
So you play a competitive 5v5 shooter to not try or what lmao
Instructions unclear, I locked deadlock and went plastic 1
I'm loving it so far. Great game mode, but I hate those campers and love how spawn camping is handled here.
The Norwegian woman seems to be on a mission though,  not killing for fun. One of her dialogue is “We don’t have to make them suffer, kill them quick “ or something similar .

But it is akin to war, how soldiers of different groups kill each other. Not all of them are psychopaths
I'd definitely love that, but then again, I'm not one of those losers who need multiple accounts and also only que on their main with 5 stacks of God tier players or cheaters. 🫠
Fuck fracture. I'm indifferent on Pearl but I miss Haven, it was my favorite.
I was surprised when I first saw that since radiant abilities like fade dogs or gekko dizzy aren’t fooled by the fakeout, but technology based characters are. Mabey lore wise iso isn’t radiant? But more likely they just ignored past interactions
Counterpoint, Riot's game sucks and sometimes just crashes on loading, I've had it happen and been back on round 2 and we end up winning the game just fine
you can hear him drop from that platform above right after you turn from it. then he just shift walked
Don't listen to this guy. As soon as the spike is down stare at the sky and wait.
If you know she is not into you, why even try? Not worth it, isn't it?
Astra has two strengths omen and brim don't have, she has infinite range on her smokes so even on the largest maps she can smoke from anywhere, whereas the others can't. Astra second main strength is her pullback smokes. It's almost as if she has a 4th main ability because of those, they are super useful to apply pressure.

That being said with so much omen in the meta I would like to see Astra get a 5th star again
It’s such a cool interaction, even with dead lock ult also reeling in Yoru Clone.
damn the upgraded version is fire and i just got the overdrive 😭 looks like riot taking more money from me
For when rest of my team is fully buying, but I cannot full buy:

(1) If I expect to play more medium and long range, guardian. 

(2) If I expect to play more short and medium range, bulldog. 

(3) If I plan on playing in my smokes and being less predictable, bucky. 


If rest of team is saving: ~classic, sheriff, or stinger most of the time depending on plan for round.
You mean you're not supposed to run up and make your presence known then stop right at the choke point to push out to site and sit there for 15 seconds using util and watching your duelist not go while all the defenders rotate over??

I seriously do not miss that shit from bronze/silver.
Skins are subjective but y'all keep buying Mid and they'll keep delivering Mid. No point in complaining.
Agreed that tanking their rank is a bad idea because that just encourages smurfs

Just make the timeout worse: if they're a player it means they can't play and if they're a bot it makes tanking your rank less efficient
i have single digit matches played in everything other than comp and deathmatch
……. You do know wide set eyes isn’t an uncommon or impossible thing right
depends on the fit
its okay to be competitive and want to be confident in beating you. He's aspiring to be better than his big bro.

&#x200B;

Be a big bro and stomp him rightly until you cant anymore, lol.

&#x200B;

Give him the Itachi treatment. (in game of course)
Stop laughing..dammit 😂
Not really the aim BUT I feel like it affected my FPS and then it affects my aim. I played yesterday and while I always had a stable 300fps it was dropping up to 150 sometimes, and weird lag spikes were also seen (not only by me so it's deffinetely not my net/PC fault), and it really affected my performance yesterday. I felt like a silver in ascendant lobby
if you have to ask for the ace, it doesn’t count. ill let someone have an ace, but ill never ever ask someone to lose a gunfight so i can ace lol
Ya Idrk why people are so hard on riot. It’s a pretty small dev team already I don’t see the point of this post
The reward should be having fun playing the video game, it’s not a job that you need to get paid for 😂
And it's funny because I never got the hatred for Lotus and Sunset. I found those maps fun to play. Only map I hate is Breeze. I hope it never comes back.


And I hope they bring Fracture and Pearl after VCT in August so that I can play them for the first time in comp.
But throwing isn’t
Sounds like an actual super villain, wtf.

HE aint doing it to just shit on them, hes doing it to make everyone just feel bad and make it unenjoyable to them. thats crazy
Agent 8 does have lore figured out, and also we know that Agent 8 still is alive in both Earths, but only active in Omega Earth’s Valorant Legion, not our Protocol
Because it’s a shotgun. But it also might be the worst gun in the game unless you are godlike at securing close range 1v1s.
You know why
Harbor , I don’t see the point in slowing your own teammates
imo this is a great tool for calculating lineups, i wouldn't use it in a live game tho.
I don't get it
I don’t have a monitor. I just turn on the pc and guess where everything is

Edit: Just found out I’ve been playing overwatch but just thought it was valorant
Bro Got the caseoh's build
what is that caption software if you don't mind me asking? If your teammates talk it comes up in text for you? Pretty cool if thats true!
Just plain colours :/ and not even pretty ones. Where’s the creativity gone? Is putting solid primary colours on the guns the best we can hope for? Like ik not every bp skinline is a banger but there’s been so many that at least have a theme or something even when they look bad. At least skinlines like Kingdom have an idea despite being ugly. Even Shimmer from a few BP ago was legit solid colours but the unicorn and glitter effects made it something instead of just… blue ares, orange sheriff.
'Contact' usually refers to the first moment you encounter an enemy.

It can refer to a moment, like if someone asks you "flash on contact" it means flash as soon as an enemy appears. It can also refer to a strategy, like "let's contact A", it usually means to slowly push A without utility until you run into an enemy, and that's usually followed by a burst exec.

I have no idea what "contact me" means though, maybe he means to play contact with him, so stick near him and trade him. 

All that said, if he can't/won't explain it to you, my guess is he also has no idea wtf he is talking about and is just parroting random words he heard from VALORANT content creators.
juggling stars activates my neurons

i come from Dota 2 so thats probably it lol
What in the actual fuck am i looking at...
I don't think any one player had their monitor turned on in that round, including you 😂
Double ops work in csgo not here really
Terrible, this is so sad.
But how did he pass away? Did he have some health issues?
It's often young sounding players asking for skins in my games.

I'm usually saying "No".
If they're really kids they need to hear a "no" in their life and respect it, which they sometimes can't so they start arguing.
The adults that just sound young usually just accept the "No".

If anybody gets annoyed about this, they get muted.
My favourite thing about this whole situation? 

I once mentioned that I had given my account to my friend when I quit playing Valorant for a year because he really liked the skins I had. When I came back to Valorant he gave me my account back, as he had gone back to his main account. 

I mentioned this in his discord and immediately got banned from it because “buying accounts is against TOS”. The reason I brought it up was because my friend peaked diamond 2 so people were asking me how I was stuck in plat if I had peaked diamond. 

I appealed against it because I thought it was unfair that I was banned for something I didn’t even know was a thing and now it’s hilarious to see that the person who made it a rule for their discord HAS BEEN CAUGHT DOING THE SAME SHIT. 

What a fucking hypocrite.
Totally dont rage queue, lose three more, then uninstall.
I don’t think the walls are tangible. So it makes sense that you can just run through them
That's why bald Cypher's head is so hard to shot
Or more like, "oh so you pulled out an ares? You don't fear us mortals?"   
*And our full team proceeds to use Odin and mow them down*.  
I literally did this today
"hewlo si I do uh not know the englash" then proceed to fallout the rest of the game in perfect English. Switch back to broken English everytime they ask "I no speaka da poor langruages" if they keep pressing
Gekko imo. Very easy to learn, your flash can’t smoke teammates, unless they’re near an enemy, and the wingman plant gives so much opportunity to continue practicing aiming
"The map requires more coordination" in a competitive team based game, your argument for disliking a map is that it requires teamwork to execute? Split is the same way, you need mid control to take B, and you only get one choke to take A, Sunset gives you 2 ways. I get disliking a map for other reasons, but disliking a map because you have to use teamwork in a team based game? I'm sorry it's just a little difficult to follow your logic here.
Dictionary definition of just hold w
favourite has to be jinggg just because I miss watching him play in tournaments 😿
That is just a skill issue
But riot is obviously sabotaging all of my games
The first time I heard girls troll the shit out of ppl on Valorant I was like daaaaamn. The 100th time I was like “ok, toxicity in games is universal huh.”
No where in this clip did tenz spray. Unless you meant burst firing, which is normal in 3-4 shot bursts.
I love using Omen to shadowstep into enemy brim ult right as they are about to end (take just a tick of damage sometimes). Always throws off the opponent when I’m sitting in the center of the ult when it ends.
Good defuse and util usage, but not a ninja defuse
As soon as I read you play on Bluetooth headphones I stopped lol
If you like Breach + Raze, you'll like Fade Suck + Raze Nade. It holds them in place and decays them, making the kill so much easier.

Yoru ult + Breach stun/Sova ult

Fade Ult + Omen Ult, Fade ult defeans, making omen ult super easy to stick and get kills with

Fade Ult + Yoru Ult, for the same reason as Omen

Any Slow + any Stun makes enemies 100% immobile and have a slow fire rate

Iso Vuleranble + Sova shock/ult

Fade Suck + Any molly (Esp brim ult, which is just a really big molly)

There a lot of map specific ones too, like a KJ turret that sees Ascent B main, with a sova sitting lane ready to shock dart off contact

I'm an initiator player, so I'm biased to know the initiator combos, but there are likely so many more I don't know.
It depends. If you start on defence and they never come to your site, you could conceivably get 0 kills all half when you're doing nothing wrong.
Than u cry
Being a girl on val is either wholesome af or painfully infuriating. I recommend muting the toxic goons and finding friends to play with. It's one of the few ways to make the game enjoyable if you're not used to the conflict of game chats. GL 😔
It's definitely important, but what's much more important is the follow-up the team takes after that.  If there's zero follow up, that's a problem.  Pulling back due to heavy utility/gunfire is also a follow-up in some cases (as opposed to int-ing), so don't think if just means rushing forward after that first blood.
straight up traumatizing to be close to winning a match and enemy team pulls out the demonic 5 man odin tech just to roll over your team and win
I don’t think it’s a great map but the ppl who don’t have issues with it aren’t coming to tell you that. They are just playing. Ppl are more likely to voice complaints than praise. And ppl are more likely to defend something if you make an outrageously false claim than a debatable one. 

Not to say the maps good, bad, fixable, or not broken. But more to say you won’t come to a statistically relevant conclusion with low and biased inputs. 

You’ll get a lot more value if you find pros or devs discussing the issues than polling Reddit. They have more valued opinions based on their in-game success. I could be someone who knows EXACTLY what I’m talking about or I’ve never even actually played.
An indie game company can only do so much unfortunately…
Hola
It’s because they all they see is a 3-9 half and fail to recognize that the enemy team was just playing CT side split with 2 sentinels
I'd go for controller because there are many duelists with flash. For me personally smokes would be missing most then.

Edit: If you want to have more "fun", go 5 Duelist.
Good job. Don't want to be rude but other team looks like iron on pc lol.
Loser's queue is real imo, whenever I am on a losing streak I ask my teammates about their games and most of the times they are on a losing streak as well.
Perfection
There's a content creator I started watching recently, which is immortal 2 peak. He currently do educational videos because his aim is the same as a silver player. One of his recent videos was about him doing the most stupid plays, and somehow they work out. 

Meaning he did a video because he had no clue what he was doing, so how do other immortal players know what he doing?
Thank God console gets the ISO nerf. Hate that dude
JeyG Deleted the fuckin vod lmfaoooooooooo
I want the kuronami vandal so bad
Zekken, the best, most consistent player on the team who is better than TenZ.

JohnQT, they weren't winning shit before he came over and is more valuable than TenZ.

Zellsis, he plays the game.

Sacy, the former world champion.

Tarik, the co streamer, gets named before all of them.
two-headed elderflame outlaw would be badass
It’s to prevent screen burn in for everyone with their OLED monitors. They’re doing us a favor /s
Straight up had a man continuously hound me to give him my snap. I ignored him the first 3 times, but eventually said “I’m not interested, I’m just trying to enjoy the game” and he proceeded to ask for my Instagram, phone number, discord, and EMAIL. I know at one point it just became a joke for him, if it wasn’t already in the beginning, but I really don’t understand why some men feel the need to purposely make someone who sounds femme uncomfortable. Like… I’m not here to e-date or flirt.  I’ve also had men get super agro after I say I’m not interested/ that I have a boyfriend (which I do, whom I live with and have been with for 3.5 years now). Like they try to tell me I’m prolly ugly and fat and shit. So rude for no reason just bc they couldn’t get some e-pussy. Smfh
I actually got better at Valorant when I stopped playing CSGO. It was affecting my rifle mechanics by making me crouch spray a lot.
there's a lot of techniques, you need to decide what to apply where.

Let's take the example of c long on haven. If you know the enemy has an op and want to go c anyways, the best way is to either jumpspot first or use drone/flash. You can also smoke the site entrance and walk up to explode onto site. Without those abilities it will almost always be better to wait/rotate out.

If there is no threat of an op, jumpspot still works. Swinging with 2 people with one going wide is great, you have a very high chance of being able to get the kill/trade. If you are alone then you need a dedicated peek for each angle, first back plat, then beside it, then the site boxes etc.

This applies for most angles in the game, where there are optimal and suboptimal ways to fight for them. Also gunfight technique is another massive component. You should not stop moving until your xhair is on the opponents head, and the movement should be horizontal. You can watch woohoojins videos to learn more about this and the game in general.
But what if you hit radiant in your 5th year?
Idk why all the comments are dissecting knife hitboxes and whether or not it would connect, it’s totally lag lmao. You can literally see him lagging out as he breaks the door.
I'm convinced all Cypher mains have transcended from madness and emerged as all-knowing entities capable of doing the complete unpredictable at any moment's notice.

Not even the shackles of reality can contain such raw and capricious essence.
This is fucking awesome editing hahah
If you're bouncing around immortal you're already better than 95% of this sub. Sounds like you should look into doing a couple coaching sessions to me. There are a bunch of former pros/coaches that offer coaching services, maybe check around twitter/twitch.
Raze shadow legends
And her ult and her boombot. It was fun when I could instalock raze and drop 20 - all util kills 😹
I have bad aim so I hate long sight lines

Simple as
I mean there are literal in game easter eggs like what they added to fracture to commemorate one of the most iconic valorant plays. So its weird to imply that this doesnt happen or there isnt anything more permanent.
in regards to split, anything above gold that mid-wall is broken in 2 sec with a default..

great for pistol and bonus.. but not worth the 400 cred.

saving wall for defuse is super situational.. more than likely you would use wall on retake.  saving wall for res is also super situational as well; neither are bad just depends on the situation.

also slows can control mid very well.. if you have someone playing vents you can easily slow mid and double swing.

additionally walling mail is much better as they cannot break it with a default,  they would have to commit up mid and possibly get killed from vents or sewer on a wrap.  it does leave vents open but that's honestly the weakest route to push for attackers.
blud did NOT just call kayo serious
Huge changes for Gecko and really interesting changes to Skye. Trailblazer is now much more dodgeable and you can no longer extend its range by leaping. Spot on for Riot, a nerf that was needed and at the same time doesn't reduce Skye's power all that much.
That’s a big sample size. Where did you get the data and how is it qualified (unrated, ranked, what ranks etc)
We'll rotate Ascent at some point, and we did talk about it here but decided against it. It's not a permanent fixture, though.

In the video I said something along the lines of "keep an eye out for more comms from the Maps team coming this summer" or something like that, I think we can talk a bit more about map rotations and how we approach decisions like that then. There's a lot of context behind these calls internally that I think we can do a better job of talking about with yall.
Literally what I do as iso

Just full send it right up their faces, They never expect it
It does make a dink noise in Valo too.
Good lord there are children on this sub. Please use the term “Fr*nch”.
Something got diffed for sure. Everytime I watch him , I'll be 100% sure that he's going to win the fight but OMG they shut him down really well. And that helped sen to just run past lmao
Chamber bc he’s French
First, in these ranks u shouldn't overthink stuff like that. Second, buying extra heal in a pistol round makes u a one man army, that is able to have overheal to times, meaning u can possibly win two gunfights even if u get a headshot from a ghost. In normal rounds it depends, but saving leer when u have money doesn't really help.
I would be surprised if they didn't.

I would guess a Vi melee fist, similar to the R.E.S red fist.
If team flashes could heal i would be immortal for 10 seconds
Make self heal 100-20 per alive teammate or make it at least make it heal for 50 when last alive. 

As it is you have 1-10, 41-50, or 101-110 health it's literally just a debuff that's makes it easier to see her.
You're clearly just a nocturnal animal
OP meant Hindu , which is a religion like Christians , Muslims ,Jews , etc , not citizenship.
I refute this because you could just as easily put a wall down A and then tell your team to go B. If a single piece of Util drags a player to the wrong site and we have a 2v5 take instead of a 3v5 take, I will do that trade every single time.
His new content is not what you’re looking for, look for his guides from at out a year or more ago. He used to do a much better job.
It'll just turn into them 4-manning it without him. Which sucks. But not everyone is here to get to Immo, so if they are getting destroyed every game and the one friend who's inflating the matchmaking won't smurf then it just makes sense for them 4 to play without him.
I dont care about what rank it is personally. But not every ace is “good” or “cool.” Obvious ones being the last kill is unnatural, like your teammates are dying just so you ace.
Low lvl acc + unrated kind of has an mmr
Take the spike and just shoot them before they shoot you duh
legit started a game 1/9 and ended 26/23
Ah ok! But how come my friend who is the same rank is getting more RR though when I normally perform better than them?
Most played is senti, but I'm not playing the meta so it's not really "my role", when I tried KJ it went terribly wrong cause I don't feel free enough to move with her devices.
Oh my Jett just died to a sheriff!? Let me slooowly walk peek this dangerous angle - Cypher
Definitely Omen, bro does not care and has a bonsai tree in the new cinematic
Not full buying (as much as possible) after a won pistol round is pretty stupid since if you do, it should be a free round. 

Assuming they save second round, why give them even playing field, possibly tie it 1-1 and then both sides have level chance of winning round 3 with full buys. People are just ignorant
I play in NA (Oregon) and racism is pretty common in the morning lobby. Maybe because of the hs kids that play after classes.

Like i keep getting trolled for my accent (yes, I’m south asian), sometimes racial slurs and the call center jokes. 

I just stopped voice communication permanently, unless I play with my duo. And primarily using texts for call-outs and move on. Not worth arguing on internet against some racist losers.
He got a couple easy kills with proper crosshair placement and got one good flick. Calm down bud.
Question my existence for a bit, watch youtube, or do something for a few minutes before I think, "it's fine". And get back on.
competitive is in a horrible state right now
The community is stereotyped by a bunch of e daters and stuff. Also cs go players hate on it because it directly competes with valorant
So how do you tell if people are smurfing or just played counterstrike for over 20 years first? Because I've only played valorant for a week and every game there's a little cry baby calling me a smurf
Standing inside the finisher always gives me goosebumps. A 10/10 Skin in my book
If you close both your eyes, you can’t see anything
hopefully they're taking their sweet time reworking B site and B long... pearl is one of my favorite maps play and aesthetic wise but B is its biggest flaw
did they give jett her second updraft back? or is this clip just not from yesterday
I cant even imagine playing in elo this low
"damn lmao, ok, OKAY, OKAY DAMN, WTF"
If you died and came back to life, the first time I’m willing to bet you would think something religious/miraculous happened, after the 10th time I too would start to think I was immortal.
there’s no such thing as elbow on haven. either you plant default, plant for long, plant for garage, plant for ct. those are really the only spots you can plant😭😭
I understand that, that is why I offered him to play some unrated. But first timing agents in high plat to low diamond ranked games is just not it.
The only weapon used higher than classic is melee
Has a wall specifically made for entry

Has a skill that makes enemy vulnerable 

Has a skill for absorbing 1 damage instance 


u/Kreker__ : Op has a point
Probably the fact that he said he's "been stationary for a good portion of the time playing" and his clip is entirely walk spraying.
If you have a bunch of hours in aim training and are stuck in silver, that would lead me to believe that there are other aspects of the game that you should be working on...
The old point system was already confusing to plenty of people too. (Explaining that no, XP isn't AP, which isn't VP, and that XP helps you progress through the Battlepass or agent contracts, but you can also buy some things with VP, but you can't earn most gun skins without paying hard cash, oh wait and then there's Radianite? 

It was just difficult to explain to new players, especially if they're casual.

And now instead of simplifying things, they added a whole new point system? Leaving us with XP, AP, VP, KP, and Radianite, each of which are slightly different but often overlap? And then there are *also* weirder edge cases with new agent missions and dailies aren't really obvious up front? (Compared to the previous "get 10 headshots" or whatever.)

I hope that this is the first step of removing some of the other point things.

I think it should be like this:

1. Have an account level (but don't use the word "points" to avoid confusion). This should literally just be a function of number of rounds played or similar. I'd support removing the daily bonus to simplify. Make it a bit easier to level up, and have the daily bonuses go towards the main point system to clarify.
2. Have the similar "earn XP to unlock things" mechanism but don't call it XP -- in other games, that's used to calculate your player's level, which isn't a thing in Valorant. XP is so easily confused with your account level because of this if you're coming from other games. 
3. If we really *have* to have another point thing, do either Radianite or kingdom points but not both. A bonus currency you earn by completing missions makes sense, but it doesn't make sense to have multiple currencies that unlock different things. Also, allow more things to be purchased with this currency. I think we took a step in the right direction with this, but it should expand to more things. I think this could be balanced so that you could put in a bit of a grind for a great reward like a nice gun skin. This bonus currency should be further differentiated from the "XP" system, especially when it comes to bonuses. (Why are there multiple different bonuses that do things differently? It's hard to keep track of.)
4. VP only exists so that they don't have to list the actual currency prices in-game. You have to spend like $80 to get one fancy bundle. That's obviously an absurd price in the gaming world, even though many pay for it. IMO "fake currency" (valorant points) you have to buy with real currency to avoid putting real sticker prices in the game should be regulated away completely, but I'm sure Riot will never get rid of this since it's their money maker. It's such a massive dark pattern; and practically company scrip. Maybe if you were spending money to buy the "bonus currency" I described above, and that could go through lots of other things (but you could also earn it in-game), then it'd be somewhat different (and less confusing).
Unfortunately, those channels aren't crediting anyone for their content. I assure you though, this wallbang was discovered by me.
Valorant is being his escape from reality currently cuz it requires you to focus enough to forget about your problems, Valorant is how he's coping, the problem lies deeper, ask him about his mental health or what he's struggling w and more, it won't work if he's not self aware or like to be called out on something, but try to make it very polite and supportive but just to understand him deeper and how you felt, stop making it seem like you're attacking him but look more into how to address relationship issues w healthy communication filled w empathy. Source: I've been there but I'm pretty self aware so even when I was indulging into it I was aware why am I doing this, it's not even fun, but it's just allows me to stop thinking and becomes an escape. It got better after I worked on my mental health. It's not just addiction.
Every game should be in a pink and black-squared empty room!
The Sova said he is using 1600 DPI with 0.1 sensitivity
Probably boosting himself by queuing with all Irons
r/perfectlycutscreams material nearly lmao
Seduce his mother and make him a brother to assert dominance.
Started locking in Neon because of this (Normally a Cypher main) and its so suprising how easy it is to take sites. Especially with her wall stun combo!
People forget that most sites are only held by 1 or 2 MAYBE even 3 people depending on strats and outcomes of rounds..but the longer we take waiting in stupid little chokes for a duelist to take action the more enemies will come! Confidence is key, dont be afraid to die when you have a team behind you <3
Save it for the next agent or don't buy a few battlepasses.
My exact thoughts when it happened. Lol. And I clicked everything, I even hit my smokes button just in case it was that map screen that was up.
Not sure why OP is getting downvoted.

OP is indeed Diamond 2.

Profile tracker: [https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/Scam%20Likely%231800/overview?playlist=competitive](https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/Scam%20Likely%231800/overview?playlist=competitive)

Match tracker: [https://tracker.gg/valorant/match/2bfa8c28-7acc-423a-a1b8-7b4c9b2477fd](https://tracker.gg/valorant/match/2bfa8c28-7acc-423a-a1b8-7b4c9b2477fd)
Because the range is not a local server, it connects to a distant server like any game mode
Yes and I'll do it 100/100 times
Petition to make KJ turret invisible 
It’s a video game, we are already planting a bomb and shooting people how is this worse
That friend sounds annoying as fuck and a pain to play with
Cypher cause he keeps tanking those headshots and is still alive lol
important stuff right here
My god , your teammates won't shut up.....

Good shit tho.
Guys aim looks way better than mine and he claims to study the game a lot so his gamsense should be better than mine too but he somehow manages to be lower rank than me i don't understand how that works
How long did it take you to reach that and how big is the skill gap from each rank in immortal? I heard there's a huge difference between an imm 1 and an imm 3
Holy! It was true…
Ty i thought it was for cancelling
Does it sound like this to you when you play? I think it's a bit much bass..
It states his username at the start for 5 seconds, thanking him for collecting all the evidence, and i also say at the last of the video that the investigation wasnt originally done by me.
Bro this would be so cute, I wanna hear the little tippy taps as they walk.
You would be surprised by how many people have bad headphones or don't even have one to begin with.

No shame in that, not everyone can afford them.

However sometimes in the heated moment, you can get away with it, when I flank for example I run when I start hearing gunshots, they will barely hear you, and most of the time focused on my team.
It's still the answer man even if you say it isn't
Low elo is hilarious to me because they constantly complain about team comp and meta agents yet they probably couldn’t explain why certain agents are meta on certain maps of you asked them to. Next time someone tells you brim sucks tell them to tell you why he does or tell them to play controller themselves.
Wish people would answer you since you're clearly able to prevent this from happening in the future given that you work for Riot. Feedback is helpful I'm sure but without details it makes it difficult to troubleshoot I'd imagine
Yes. Took one episode, started from Bronze 2 got to Gold
OMEN stop role-playing a toxic fortnite sweat and kill that damn phoenix
LMAOOO
*want?* chamber should blow up fracture again, rest in piss, you will not be missed

*realistically will be?* ascent or haven as the oldest, likely haven but I'd rather give up ascent (albeit that's like asking whether if op would rather keep his right or left testicle)
The Valorant anti cheat is extremely good!
Where the fuck are Sages like you when I’m playing ranked? Good play dude
He's right
Diamond is that transition between mid and high elo. Low diamond is high mid elo and high diamond is low high elo. And diamond 2 can fuck off.
100% agree. Even if he believes all that, to just outright bash you like that is vicious.
I had the opportunity to get one, but I asked the riot dev to give it my best friend instead. we aren’t even friends anymore because they ditched our irl friend group for a minor he met on valorant 🙂
it helps to tell a new player woohoojin's actual channel name cuz banana man means nothing to them 😭
Definitely not naturally. I was on aimlabs for 20 min a day, watching pro games through live tournaments. Some other videos. I solo queued all the way to immortal, but was actively playing scrims with my premier team.
Because im a woman and the moment I speak I get harassed
Playing her, sage and harbor could actually be a strat. Put some extra smokes for baiting spams, and people could actually run out of ammo in some rounds.
So you stoped playing your favorite agents just to annoy some random people?
it’s literally two paragraphs you illiterate ape
I didn’t watch the video, but I think from Russia
Damn minus 28 for that??
She is streaming and does not want to make that behavior seem acceptable, because it’s fucking disgusting
Pros make radiant look like plat its always cool to see
Even at the highest level it’s hard to dodge a phoenix flash unless you are super aware it’s about to happen. Your best bet is to play “anti”, which means to play in a way that you won’t get flashed. For example, stay behind cover and then peek after you hear the flash pop.
It always bothered me when people claim to be a rank because they hit it years ago, even worse when you never hit it.
No replacement map? Would've liked if they brought back Haven or Fracture while Split's out
I love clutches when it's such a close game good job
Do you ever use focus aim?
You should have “pew pew” automatically let go of all movement keys
Cant relate cause i cant afford to spend 50euro on a skin 😎
"royalG's counterstrafing", the dude bashes and ruins countless games by smurfing in low elo for content, gets 100k subs, and then some other dude makes advertisements for him by claiming it's "his counterstrafing".
Download tracker and you can see
Would
it seems your friend didn't boost you, but taught you how to climb further.

Give yourself a pat in the back, you did good
All the account buyers for skins in shambles right now 😂
I'd love to see all 3 pov
My dad disowned me for getting the new bundle.

I was playing valorant as usual, while dad was walking across my room he noticed the teddy bear reloading the ghost , he commented "wtf is this gay shit", i mistakenly admitted liking and buying the new  bundle, he said "  is that what you spent my money on, get out of my house you f'ing  furry". I am still  trying to get back to the house but i still can't convince my dad that i am not a furry. I will update you later.

  
Update: He still doesn't believe me but he decided to give me a chance, i am now back home and we agreed i won't shave my beard for the next 3 months as part of my rehabilitation.
I think this should hint to that radianite(-infused) animals aren't always as sweet and cute as Gekko's fellas which was clearly shown by the violence of that bear.
When the game was in beta I remember a dev team beat a team of former cs pros
That's why you should learn at least one Agent from every other role , sure you can one trick an agent, but the higher you get the more you need to adapt 

I myself main smokers but also love playing Initiators like kayo or Skye, i have setups for kj and cypher as well and if i have to pick duelist i can play Raze / yoru / phoenix 

So yeah you should learn other roles , also helps with the annoying instalocks , cause you can fill but still have much value for the team
Joe Ma- 

JoeDaBozo the breach main
so according to the lore his radiant powers are to manipulate radianite

What's the ult? so you know the radivores (yes that's the name) that gekko uses and the one that attacked deadlock? they come from this place called the interverse, which is [the portal seen in the sunset trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmfok5MtWkI) (or at least the portal leads to the interverse) and Iso sends people into this interverse for a clean 1v1

sources:

[https://kingdomarchives.com/emails?page=1](https://kingdomarchives.com/emails?page=1)

https://valorant-lore.fandom.com/wiki/Radivores
At low elo, people straight-up don't know. At higher ranks, it's ego. I'm talking about the negative KD Reyna who buys a rifle on a save round because surely this is the round that they start winning their duels.
Alright, let's get into this.

There are two possible thoughts. One is simple, the other is sort of.

1:KayO exists on Omega side due to game reasons. Can't only be available on one. This idea stems from the lore mentioning the fall of the protocol in his future. Not the Legion.

2:KayO exists on Omega exactly as he does on Alpha. It is revealed that KayO wants to kill every Reyna of every universe, implying that they may all be warmongers. Additionally, he is from the future, not  separate dimension. Thus Omega KayO may as well have had a very similar traumatic life and travelled back in time like Alpha KayO. It would make sense as there are many similarities.

(3: Theory without hints. It is implied due to animations and artworks that Alpha and Omega Earth split at some point to become two dimensions. Perhaps in a similar fashion KayO was split in two on his way into our present.)
baiter duelist that thinks they're hot shit is the most tilting thing on the planet, yes
its the video capture/edit being out of sync
Because Riot said in multiple blog articles both in LoL and Valorant that they are against this "toxic queue" mechanism where bad players get bundled together.

They are against the act of create a built in miserable queing system where the user clicking on the play button is guaranteed a miserable game.

They want to solve underlying issues by find key action points that can reduce the amount of bad actions or bad actors.

Whether they are right or wrong, it's up to discussion but their stance on the subject is clear.
Its not the reaction time, it is how the opponents clear angles. Pros tend to clear every angle one by one by moving into it, so the opponents can hold angles and when they enemy clear that angle you are holding if he is not wide swinging you get a lot of time to shoot. But that isnt the case in our ranked games, people still do that in high level but not as perfectly as pros do.
I think it would be better if they just automatically remake without voting. 4v5 is a big disadvantage if opponents are good.
I had my mic on after igling during buy phase, then proceeded to burp. No one said anything 😭
Not every gameplay element has to be explained in lore/be canon.

If the gameplay would be 100% lore accurate all matches would be just one round
He does have a combo though, if he's got the shield from a previous kill and he ults, he's now full life and has shield vs his opponent.
Slow down, only stop and shoot them in the head when your crosshair lands on their face
git gud is the only advice you need.
That's exactly what happened.
Consciously reflecting on choices I made and brainstorming how to handle the situation better next time.


One example became clear. Almost always I'd try to hold a site to the death. I now try to play it smarter and back off more than I used to. 
It's not about efficiency, it's about sending a message.
It's all fun and cool but I know it when I'm doing that enemy Jett will instantly headshot me while blinded.
> It's weaker than Sage's wall so it isn't that crazy for an ult.

Never mind, apparently it can't hit multiple targets.

~~Don't forget it can also hit multiple targets, will drag your teammates away or upwards, *and* it's basically an insta-death for your teammates if you don't save them in 6(?) seconds.~~

~~It's just speculation of course, but it seems absolutely nuts. With the bounce, Deadlock can safely bounce it off a ceiling or shoot it straight down one of the countless corridors in VALORANT maps to hit 2-3 people and force them into an incredibly terrible situation, not to mention even on offense it can be used to safely insta-kill a defender once you have a vague idea of where they are.~~
No update but take a look at this: [Tweet](https://x.com/VALORANT/status/1539728676815642624) | [Article](https://www.riotgames.com/en/DevRel/valorant-api-launch?linkId=100000132045457)
kayo would be thrashing his keyboard after that 💀
wow u/constant_stock_6020 . Im not mad, im dissapointed. And mad.
they are bots made for smurfing
Tell him to seek help
Post match the chat turns blue. I’m assuming that’s when they took the screenshot
- Iron/Bronze because of smurfs.
- Immortal because of the exponential curve when it comes to time of the learning process
It might have something to do with the “Victory” message if you win, or the “Defeat” message if you lose…
I also have the template and tutorial in my Youtube Channel (Manza Project)
Default
Shit game
You can sell your vandal in deathmatch so you dont have to switch back to sherif every time you respawn.
 Even better, Wingman is the playable character and he throws out Gekko to plant.
Wtf was that aim
This is an every server thing. Reyna players especially. They see themselves top fragging and instantly think "im goated, im carrying right now, everyone else is worse" when half their kills are worthless kills from lost rounds, baited kills, stolen kills, lurk picks, etc etc. 

Meanwhile poor Brim going 9/14 but dropping godlike smokes that get us in every round asks for Reyna to come with the team and gets flamed in VC. Just valorant community. Im in NA and this all happens.
No joke, Iso buff kinda destroys Chamber even more in some way lol.

If you are a Chamber with an OP and Iso ults on you now WITH SHIELD you need to hit 2 OP shots to kill him while him will have a Vandal in hand... Or switch to pistol lmao
you asked her out?
In iron to silver, sure...
Idk what’s more impressive. 14 rounds wins in a row or 14 rounds loss from their end.
most sane raze main
Is _that_ what just happened to me? I got a really weird disconnect message in the loading screen and it closed my game.
Damn he’s my main too lol
You’ve essentially made his Double Tap, but it only covers one angle
Do some conditioning, send fakes same way every round till its not shot. Then try to walk
Sounds like you were going to lose the game anyways considering their plays. Probably need to see a VOD if the your Paranoia was warranted, but regardless moral is very important. 

If guys start yelling and throwing names, it’s an instant mute on my end. I just comm regularly since they can hear me, and go about my business. 

Them getting not getting tilted is as important as you getting tilted bro. Not saying you were, but just goes for future advice.
a game is not about kills, just have fun. if u have fun that is the most important. and if u really care abt kills. just play a lot, u will get the hang of it :D
ZEY ARE SO DED 🥖
I saw an analogy somewhere that it’s easier to climb from iron to IM3 than to get from IM3 to Radiant. That shit hit me to my core.
Oh really. Weird that the game doesn't say anything about game pass benefits.
I know this is harsh, and he has been a "figurehead" but to be honest he should get banned by Riot. This is 100% proof of (And admitting to) account sharing and boosting. He should be permabanned and start looking into another career. You don't just get to start a career on a foundation of lying and then continue like nothing happened.

Not to mention how poorly he has been treating his community on a regular basis with his narcissistic attitude. I think the Valorant community has really started to notice how bad of a person he is as of late too; simply based on comments I see on most of the threads regarding him.
“The second part is referring to your penis size”
Botosup with his most damaging spell
Either range or aim labs (RAMP routine) depends on how i feel (15 minutes)
Deathmatch usually 2-3 (15 minutes) I focus on good gunfights and focus on good aim discipline 
Sometimes i go "fuck it we ball" and lose 5 comp games
Well that would certainly be a very elaborate excuse for losing your ranked game and deleting all your friends in the resulting meltdown if that was the case...

On a serious note tho, how do you know he was the hacker and not jusr some weirdo buying an account on some shady website?
rank valorant 💀💀💀💀
No matter what people say its mostly cuz after the boosting controversy and being unable to prove you can get to radiant or even stable immortal 3 for that matter,his stream viewership fell off a cliff.

https://twitchtracker.com/woohoojin

He went from 1k average viewers in Feb to 800 in april to 370 in May and keeps declining,now at 300( so he lost 70% of his viewers in around 3 months)

Its just not sustainable for him anymore.
Wait, I haven't been following the pro play, Yoru is meta now?
can lurk like a sentinel while providing smokes for the team, mollies can stall insanely well, insane post plant w ult and molly spam and just the ability to cut up maps means teams need to waste util clearing ur smokes 

pro play is viper + 2nd controller rn
4 nerfs to Viper at once. That is an attempt on her life.
It's simple to use heaven and hell.

High ground has a lot of different connotations.

A good example is A site Haven.

High ground could be the left or right boxes at sewers, the boxes on A long or even the top of default.

Heaven is simple and direct - it's the top window area where all the snipers always camp at.

Hell is just below it. It's a common concept for everyone that even if you don't know anything about the game you know that heaven is above and hell is below.
pink!
> there's nothing wrong with 4 duelists in ranked.

/s ?
This is my comment from half a year ago:

> I mean, it's probably hard to argue with a team of data-scientists backing up the current design. However, speaking from my own personal view i think i would have spent way more if the design was more like the League of Legends model.
> 
> * Currently, if i have an itch to buy something, i look in the store and see nothing i like (let's be honest, there's a lot of really shitty/mediocre skins filling the store), so i don't buy anything
> 
> * I've been waiting for Waveform knife for about 9 months now. Had i been able to buy it at the beginning of those 9 months, i would've bought another knife skin by now
> 
> * When i've just used someone else' skin ingame and i really liked it, i might want to buy said skin. But instead i'd have to wait, maybe months on end before i can buy it. By that time, i might be over it already.
> 
> Does the FOMO effect really outweigh the above? Probably, else they wouldn't be doing it. I'd personally think a hybrid model like in League of Legends would be better. You can buy pretty much all the skins, but some skins have a little discount to trigger the FOMO effect. It's honestly the best (or worst depending on your pov) of two worlds.


In the meantime i've quit playing Valorant months ago, i didn't buy the skin i desperately wanted so i guess their shitty system saved me some money.
They can also:

1. Stay put behind the wall
2. Swing in any direction exactly as the walls drop
3. Walk through the walls
Breeze was a good map when they took out hall. I have no idea why people complained about it being gone. The amount of ways that attackers could lurk into A site makes it cancer to defend as it forces you to allocate so many teammates/resources. I still personally like the map though. More than split and pearl at least
People have a positive view of: Addidas, Puma, Porsche, VW, and etc even if those were all started by Nazis. No country is innocent, and not sure how we went down this rabbit hole in a Valorant post.
0.00
I'm paying Riot with my time.
when it returns, it will most likely not be the same since they change whatever map leaves the rotation queue. If you didn't know that either
somehow the enemy team is always able to counter my cypher, but my team always dies to the enemy cypher
The collection is knife, vandal, operator, guardian and judge you can already see them all in collection tab
i play on 70 and i hit immortal 3 from iron 3 in a year its fine just be good
Would
Tbh idk why OP thinks we have to wish him well. Woohoojin has been nothing but disingenuous right up until the very end where he’s pretending he’s leaving because streaming is too difficult and not because he’s lost 90% of his viewers. Any goodwill he built up with the community is just long gone
Only noobs don’t drop. Several times I’ve been on top, and drop for the bottom fragger. I even offer. It’s s a team game, even if they only do 80 damage, that’s going to help, also it means they have utility online.
If you don’t buy them, that means you’re half hearted in winning the round.
Also, what are you going to do if you lose the round? Buy next round when half the team can’t afford? That’s stupid.
SAY IT AGAIN FOR THE DUMMIES IN THE BACK
Your breach will ult you off the map
Ban is a too bit harsh, there could have been an emergency like your grandmother has a heart attack or something, shit happens.

Perhaps a 1-2 day penalty.
So, my question is why are you not playing ranked for more balanced competitive games?

Unrated is about prioritising quick matches and not meant to be balanced, it's just a quick chilled game, doesn't matter of you win or lose.

Play things you don't normally play and try stuff out in an environment where people don't care about the outcome.
a good odin user is certainly painful to play against. it is a double edged sword tho
Thanks for the report! Definitely looks like a bug, so we'll investigate what happened here.

As much as I like playing Cypher, I admit he's not allowed to do that. I'm sorry that happened to you.
Bro thinking you buy after losing pistol is wild. Maybe thats why he questioned if the lobby was silver, hes used to bronze and iron lobbies 😂
Yea it always the kids who take spike and then camp spawn after you refuse the first ff vote in the 1-4 game.
Wut. She’s one of the more thematically cohesive agent. Every one of her abilities *except* the sound one literally “locks” you in/out in some way. Her net is obvious. Her wall locks you out or in (i trapped some poor soul in the corner of ascent b main before) and her ult cocoons you until someone can break you out or you die.
I have a lot smurf accs, level 20, can immediately start mm, and open 2 agents, you can find on -  **Agata Smurf Site**, i using smurf accounts, for boosting, and resell
I’m in NA and I don’t see it much but I’ve seen it once or twice in comp, I’m pretty sure it’s mostly in swift play or unrated
It’ll finally be possible to have 5 sentinels on the same team! *proceed to be on Attack and get annihilated*
All 5 characters with the same agent. Sometimes all 10 ended up with the same agent.
yeah, give her a second one 😈
Maybe because of pro play, right now Paper Rex are a great team and is basically the pride of SEA with members from Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore (they also had a good run with a Thai player). They are actually extremely competitive against even the Korean, European and American teams and came 2nd in the Valorant championship twice.
So rare that there’s no duelist lmao, almost every single game there’s an instalock Reyna

Usually they just lurk though so it’s like there’s no duelist anyways

Entry cypher on top !!
The whole point was to get more people to spend money while still updating the game
I just want pearl back 🥲
The mix is the right choice. Buff weaker agents, nerf too strong agents. Thats how it should be. Just nerfing feels... underwhelming.
Plz send those light shield player my way on icebox. The quantity of shocks / Mollies for plant denial that we gonna send their way will change their mind for ever.
I like haven, but its back after being out for 1 rotation.  
Pearl when?
This isn’t far off from the utility usage and awareness of my Ascendant teammates. Glad to see there’s a true skill rating disparity in Ranked!
 It's a game, don't stress. It's okay to be bottom frag.

Do you play often? Tried recording your games and reviewing them? What's your PC specs?
Not really since the highest tiered skin lines aren’t offered in the NM
Im super excited to see more chamber, will it be enough though? Seems lack luster imho. Could be completely wrong though.
I felt physical pain when I saw that
People actually play smokes now!! Before no one fills smokes 😭
that first kill was nice
I want to play on Mumbai servers. How do I make this happen
One 40/10 and two 5/10  Reyna's will still have a positive net average combined even though more Reyna's are bad than good.
Same. I wanted the pink one. Im so frustrated
Your mechanics in deathmatch are good because you are only focusing on mechanics. Play swift or unrated, focus on mechanics, should transfer to comp after a while
Radiant before 40 let's goo!
He would have to have some crazy lineup to get his tp to work and from work to home. and it would also probably get eaten by some sort of dog that thinks it's a toy traveling through the street
Genuine question: How does the localization of the non-binary thing work?

I’m not from the US and I realise that Valorant is very US-centric but im curious how the pronoun thingy works in other languages like the Mandarin or German version of the game for example.
It’s a valorant sub everyone’s gonna agree bro
To me it’s…

Iron/Bronze/Silver - Low

Gold/Plat/Diamond - Mid

Asc/Imm/Rad - High
If you’re out of town like me without Valo access you can also redeem on the web: https://shop.riotgames.com/en-us/redeem/
Yeah he's shooting too fast but honestly it doesn't help that the sheriff appears to be ready to shoot again before it actually is.
Good cam! That producer needs to shut up and make some drums though
This one annoys me the most, especially because I came from CS, where surrender isn't really an option unless one of your teammates abandons the match or you're playing Faceit. Because of that, I have a "Remember, no surrenders" mindset that seems to be shared by like 15% of the community.
That's hilarious
There are some days where everything goes wrong in general. Your aim is off, your brain is foggy, the enemy hits lucky/bullshit shots, you or your team throws an easy round, you lag or dc, the match is unbalanced etc. This happening in a single game is not a very rare occurrence but it happens for a whole day sometimes and it's so demotivating and demoralizing
I hate when this happens
it’s not supposed to be good or versatile. if anything the stinger is a tad too strong right now. it’s a save round buy for very specific circumstances.
Well, omen was kinda clueless the whole match. Didn't use smokes properly, didn't use blind. At one point I thought he bought this account. But then he did this. And that reyna was dominating the whole match. And then he did this. It's as if they switched bodies 😂
I saw this quote somewhere. “No matter how good you are at something, there’s always an Asian kid that is better than you.”
Bro had 100% of the options and failed all of them
ik but my fingers will never be the same
Not sure why the reports in APAC are ignored. I've reported people who cheat, use slurs in chat and throw but haven't got any message indicating they were banned. I don't even spam reports, usually send 2 a week.
The comments on all their YouTube videos make me realize this is seriously one of the larger communities with the most united player bases. I don’t think I’ve seen any other game as large as this one come together to troll their devs this way. I’ve seen For Honor, Rust, PayDay, and Warframe try but their pleas were drowned out by normal comments.
you could make it like harbors orb and be breakable
To avoid having to deal with the literal man-children (and real children) that play this game??
Hmmm nerf chamber
The firing audio for sure. My favourite skin is araxys vandal
Headshot with vandal ? hacker.

Phantom  ? Can't kill without spraying.
That’s crazy in the us 5350 is like 3 hours minimum wage in my state
So u use keyboard in right hand and mouse in left hand
I’d keep shooting. Clove can still hold W and take space while the enemy team is comming “run from Clove ult”
The Rocket League way.

No problem.
No problem.
No problem.
Iso is now the default op counter
I was in a match with a Skye who, after 5-6 rounds of barely using any util, admitted he had never played skye. I asked him why he would pick an agent he had never played in comp… his answer: “we needed heals”

-_-
Im worried about the system that makes you use points to buy characters instead of passively earning them. It means new players can't grind out characters they are limited to earning a certain amount of points per day.
Nothing like a good ol ego dual
- after having watched your Reyna get Diff’d 6 times in a row, surely they’ll win the 7th time, right?
- Right?!
Bronze
We all know Gekko is bad at basketball so I made a lineup that makes him less bad. I call it "Moshketball". Here's how to do it. Stand up against the gate, and move right until the green wall just barely disappears behind the fence post. Take out Mosh and put the Mosh icon right over the basketball (we're turning him into a basketball, after all). Then throw Mosh to sink a full court shot. This lineup is pretty precise but I think it will really define the Gekko meta on Sunset. Now you know how to waste 250 creds at the start of the round for absolutely no reason. I hope you found this educational and use it to dominate in your ranked games.
Unlike Steam the numbers aren't public so we can't know.

But I highly doubt that Val is dying or even close to it.
They were a lot nice to me after that play :D
Yo you should make a report to riot with the footage u got

Deadlock is about to be disabled right after release

Edit: or add to the bug mega thread
It also tends to be a relatively common issue/quirk on Split. The quick rotates between vents (and their obviously unique geometry) seems to make them indecisive when used in the mid-round for what I imagine is the same cause.
console players full-stacking one site on defense has been the cause of my high blood pressure this week.
Not every radiant fought for Reyna in the human radiant war, some fought with humans and some were neutral, Clove could’ve easily been human aligned
"Use your util"

If you ever uttered those words, please for sake of everyone, turn off your mic.
Galorants had it's own pretty bad toxicity problem like a year or so ago. Are they not having those problems anymore? I'm a guy so I can't like go in and see for myself. Just going off of what my friend said for why she isn't in the server and what I heard on here and twitter. 

Specifically, I believe the "t-bagging = sexual assault" stuff came from drama in that server.
but if it’s the only thing in the ult, you would shoot it anyway
Fr bro, appreciate it
Damn i forgot this was a new episode. Been thinking in my mind that it's just a soft reset and I only have to play 1 to get my rank.

Gotta get prepared for this rollercoaster now
Is the satchel really necessary?
They specified and showed it weeks ago. It's still a little bit confusing, but they showed it.
Maybe im blind but I don’t see the misalignment, I just see naturally wider eyes
Think of it as a level of risk/reward, risk being not able to shoot back, reward being a quicker arrival.

The more info you have the better. If there’s 2 enemies left and you/your team saw or heard both enemies on the other site, you can run around the rest of the map pretty freely based off of that info. If their locations are unknown running with your knife out is much riskier.
Fnatic manager here, please delete this.
Not me equipping only battlepass skins... I would appreciate a little more flair to the gun skins but I've been decently happy with them so far. I don't buy the regular skins because I that's expensive. I get a lot of stuff in the battlepasses besides gun skins so I'm fine spending that money.

I don't buy battlepasses for other games so I don't really have a reference to compare too. The nice thing about having a battlepass skin is, no one ever bothers you for a skin
Sucks when you were plat and then placed in silver. Then you destroy lower lobbies. And then you get placed with smurfs
And on the opposite side of the spectrum you have people who feel like they can never give the opponent any bit of info. Like, bro it’s a 1v3 retake and you’re coming b site all the way from a. If you decide to try the clutch, move fucking faster because you’re already lost
My experience is that you either only see it for anti ecos or the outlaw player hasn’t died in 6 turns so they just hold onto it until someone finally takes them down
Buying vandal, full shields, & all your util and having exactly 0 creds in the last round of the half
yes, Iso forced me to completely change my play style. I guess even Reyna, Jett and Raze does that too but since Ive been playing them for so long I didnt realize so I kinda change my playstyle subconsciously 

Regardless, before this buff, I basically played Iso once when he came out and then never again. Which meant that I pretty much forgot how to play him, so when I picked him to play today, I was super underwhelmed and felt so shit because I kept dying because I wasnt actually playing a certain way. 

Most duelists I feel you can play very similarly, but definitely not Iso lol, I was playing like Reyna Jett and Raze and it simply wasnt working. 

Wasnt until I started isolating my duels and not playing as aggressive did it finally click
This is how it always happens
And its so much of the agents utility that dont do much because of how open and large the map is. I’m a Raze main, but picking Raze on Breeze is just trolling
Tree vandal too nice
No obviously, they were working on their 200€ bundle that will come with this Act, that will look just like any other bundle and they forgor about Icebox.
Deadlock, sage, Astra, harbour. All need serious love
Nothing. I had a discussion with someone in this sub, who talked about how he couldn't afford to eat but really wanted a skin for his Phantom. He said yes When I asked if the skin would keep him happier than eating this month. That shocked me. Whenever I think that a skin would look nice, I remember that conversation and think that the skin isn't that important anymore.
Completely game breaking if true
"*bAk liK i NEvar lEft*
I *think* it only breaks the wall if it's on a trail, no?
Alright you're new fair.

What other first person shooter did you play for 3000 hours?
!remind me 1 year
Isn't this the speech that jiyuval gave in one of his shorts?
His hair his green
I wouldn’t say it limits me no.

It actually improved me. I noticed that I was getting countered really easily because I am predictable lol. It also made me learn how to put my differences aside and just focus on winning even if I despise my team mate lol.


Sometimes It actually makes a more competitive game imo because you go into the game knowing how x player plays and you’re constantly making adjustments. Kinda like playing a game within a game if that makes sense!

I like it personally
Neon’s is rather hard to use, but it can be rather useful when done effectively.
Currently, there are a lot of smurfs in some regions and players have generally just gotten better now compared to when you started
I hate this one from Astra "I call you 'chale' because it means you're my friend. But maybe I should call you 'kwasia' because you-you fool-o!"

I dont know why, I just hate it.
It still works. I got around 30vp to get my preference after giving an art.
Thats what i say: Great Game, Shit Community. xD

  
"just mute them", but that doesn't solve the issue.    <--- Exactly This!!!
Hi guys,  
  
I've been watching a lot of pro games recently and I have come to realise pros just aren't very good with deadlock, at least not as good as me anyway.  
 
There are alot of scenarios that I can easily win 10 games straight on but no pro players seem to be able to do the same thing. I believe they probably don't understand how to utilise her kit as well as I do, or have not spent enough time theorycrafting whilst sniffing glue.  
 
I keep winning games just stunning enemies with her throwing net and pros barely seem to do that, are they stupid?  
 
If any pro teams need a new fill in, I think I would probably dominate next Champions tournament pretty easily based on what I have seen.  
 
Sincerely, Average Gold Valorant Player
Nobody even does their role anyway, pick your favourite agent and outaim enemies.
I came to say exactly this
Then it's not a crossfire
Did you shoot him when he was ulting? That counts as 160 but doesn’t actually damage
Full agree
For me it tooks less than 2 weeks, the most important thing is to have the first win bonus but the more you play and the better you will understand the game so I advise you to play as much as possible before lvl 20 and if possible with "decent" players who can give useful tips
Yeah because when has Riot Games ever taken one of their games and used its own “irrelevant flavor text” to make one of the most successful TV show releases in the 2020s? Am I right?
Thank you, good to know
Riot about to charge $35 for this animation in the next bundle
If you make fun of me for having a bad match and I take a dump on you. I’m tea bagging your whole squad
Use it as often as you can. If you hold it, it’s likely you’d be close to another ult by the time you use it.

If rounds are close/trading, try to time it with a force but/eco. Otherwise, just go to town.
Wall looks like sword now
or venture from overwatch, their voiceline will be the same "ROCK AND STONE"
Last line is so true. This game is becoming very unrewarding slowly…I have started playing less and less because of it.
Depends. There are situations that you should crouch in and then situations that you should not crouch in. [This video](https://youtu.be/fJ5ClU3EzWc?si=Uc03Ll54YwNSdfWH) explains it pretty well.
They don't wanna play because they think it's gay? Then i say we're better off for it. We have enough toxic people like that in this game as is we don't need more, let them stick to csgo.
They’re evolving
Agent 8 is away from the Protocol rn, we don't know who it is or why they're gone!
Reyna always lurks, she managed to lurk at the start of the round before it even began 😭
When I was new to the game I bought chamber as he just got released and looked cool. Bought as in I spent 1000 vp to get him 🫠
Your kinda reaching ngl… like Japanese skin theme has a katana for a melee weapon, very surprising… (heavy sarcasm), as for weapon skins, Thyros is literally basing it off of existing skins, oni phantom & vandal share similar design elements, same with ion guns, of/c they would look similar, it’s based off the same theme with already pre-existing designs, the reason why you haven’t heard people talking about this is because it’s common sense

lastly even if riot was stealing ideals, it would be completely in their right to straight up take the model, use the exact animations etc if they wanted to, according to Riot TOS under limited license, 3.2  Riot straight up owns ANY fan made content, it’s clarified in the linked “Legal Jibber Jabber” (yes that is literally what it is called) that riot can

 “you agree that we may use, copy, modify, distribute, and make derivative works of your Project in any form, on a royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide basis, for any purpose and without having to credit you, pay you anything, or obtain your approval.” 

You pretty much agree to this whenever anyone makes fan content for riot related properties, which is honestly really fair ngl, your allowed to make whatever fan content you want so long as it is not monetized (excluding ad revenue and a few exceptions) riot doesn’t sue you, and riot doesn’t lose options for future content, everyone wins, compared to something like games workshop, where fan made video/animations straight up get a cease and desist or  get sued
their overpushing in a scenario where you have the advantage is painful. a small, confined room with one entrance while you’re holding a shotgun? what could possibly go wrong?
Nobody noticed too, I'd fire those guys man
Oni phantom is the closest to it you can get. It has the same feeling.
Op should get his friend to play cs2. Once he gets good enough the higher elos are infested with hackers.

Cs2 community wants an anti cheat like vanguard
Turning the aim bot on and off. It's a popular tactic for cheaters to turn it off at points to avoid a ban on suspicion.
Does he? Does he really? He’s drinking bubble tea right before he kills them. He’s sarcastic and talk about how the enemy’s stories about him are enjoyable.
Not related to question, but the disrespect yall put on Reyna right there probably had that guy in shambles.
I've ranged from bronze to diamond elo in my career and in my personal opinion it's absolutely gold for several reasons. It statistically has the highest concentration of players, it's a very common elo for Diamond-high ascendant players to smurf in due to a combination of duos/being hardstuck at their own peaks and it by far has the most explicit throwing per capita in my experience.
mhm, idk, that very obvious contextual clue seems to be hidden somewhere I just... can't seem to find it 🧑‍🦯 I wish it was in a static place, like, on your gun? and I WISH it would straight up display the rank, but hah, what are the chances of that happening?
KJ - Turret + outlaw is OP. Turret shots slow down enemies making shots easier to hit. Plus people usually try to destroy turret before going for you so hide at an off angle, wait for turret to go off and then peek.
Wdym what?don't you love it when you nearsight your opponent and tp behind him in csgo
mine is teammate flaming. mostly because it leads to bickering and fighting. if they used vc for actual comms instead of arguing, we'd have a much better game
there’s no way this post is real? you’re telling me that living in a country with a national language is the primary language used?
Be like dinosaur from jurassic park " clever girl"
it works with pistol not spike
Especially when they're attacking too.
Makes me wonder, I wonder how large of a factor is it that it was down to a 5v2 bc op didn't use any util.
20 seconds is honestly a long ass time of a round especially once you know there is action happening or you're initiating it
Whatever this means. Thank you
Practice strafing and shooting against the practice bots, then 2-3 rounds of medium bots, then 1-2 deathmatches.
Also for the love of God make the remake vote more visually different from a surrender
Not normally (I'm a Viper main dabbling with Omen since all the constraint Viper nerfs). I enjoy Harbour though; he's not strong but I like how his utility plays well with the Judge. I also plant the spike a lot and his orb helps cover me a little where teammates might not be.

... and it's also fun to force enemies to take their showers!
Omg Project T sounds amazing. Wtf.
Yeah so what I’m understanding now is that we got SHIT on by an organized team bc 100% KAST for all 5 players is wild
I pretended to be a girl in csgo competitive matchmaking. At first we just played csgo together, but we worked up to more. I even skyped dressed as a sexy woman "with poor connection" so the video would blur. After many seductive photos of my ass in my sisters underwear I convinced him I was the real deal. It took me 3 weeks to become his girlfriend.
Eventually I scammed this guy out of $600 because I convinced him I would come visit if he paid for the flight. I was lucky it paid off because i had spent nearly $200 on make up to pull off this con. He also gifted me over 20 games on steam.
11/10 would do again. It was actually a nice weekend when I flew to visit him and didn't even mind sucking cock. We're looking to move in together in October.
No joke ..I use stinger I have no problem spraying and enemy 10-15 meters out. Switch to spectre and my shots aren't hitting 🤣
all the yorus i face are worse than me 😎 i am the goat (real)
also buying one bullet at a time is an economical advantage.
Blue like is where enemies can see it without triggering it, pink is where it gets triggered :)


Both lines are limited by line of sight so planting it closely around a corner is ideal
W brother keep grinding
Hold jump key.
poor rito is a small indie company
As a plat player that was reset to gold, I tried playing ‘smart’ and ‘correct Valorant’ but kept losing rounds.

The moment I said “f this, I’m just gonna go kill” I’ve been fragging decently in my games and been high rr per win.
now it's why does every bundle comes with a bulldog
they're trying to say that yoru can ult and rez kay/0 when he has ultrd and is down.
He got butt fucked by the last guy
no fracture back? damn, i guess i got baites by some random tweet that turned out to be fake
They clearly don't understand this game well enough to be asking for things in agent select.
Yes, it's allowed
Allah = Let's go!!!
its gotta be silver 1 cuz he reached new heights and is proud.
Gotta be my goat Prime 🫶

Always have my back when my aim sucks.
Spooderman in Valorant confirmed?
Yes it’s IMPOSSIBLE to climb. Everyone that can climb ranks is a SMURF. It’s definitely not because you’re boosting someone with 0.5 KD every game. Like a guaranteed 4v5 every match lol.
Tbf, he was still adjusting to the flex role, can't really blame him much  
Besides, rn it's just kickoff, yay's still got Pacific League Stage 1 and 2 to redeem himself and save Bleed
Definitely the culture in schools. I went to a pretty good school in Sydney and even then it was normal to make jokes about minorities. I imagine that it would just be worse in schools with less education requirements to join.
Wth was phx doing?
practice your aim is honestly the only piece of advice that helps you get out of low ranks 

follow aim routines on yt i guess
it's weird cause I killed in one match an omen while ulting
There's that gap in the 3 sentences raze delivers, but all 3 are delivered together. Crazy how filled in those gaps perfectly with your NO.
One thing I dislike when it comes to 2.0 skins is when the variants don't match the originals.
Yeah same, especially with how many insane players I've seen in this game I did not expect the number of us to be so low. And like I said in my other comment I don't even play anywhere near as much as some others.
CSGO has it and it was pretty useful honestly.

The whole team has to vote for it so its never abused or anything.

Most of the time it was used if someone DC'd or had to use the bathroom or something.  But I've been in games where we used it to hype ourselves up when we were far behind on the scoreboard.  

I don't know why top answer is "It will be used to flame teammates" when they can do that the entire match.  If your team was toxic then you would probably vote "No" on a timeout.  Pretty simple.
and why do people want to win games? thats right, style points. everything leads back to style points in the end
Smurfs make the matches feel like you're just a passenger, doesn't matter much what you do, the outcome was decided already.
Had someone flame me when i was iron, he was bronze
Op did a wonderful job in noticing all these. I mean, I'm not even sure that the creators of gekko created him with the same intention as  op said in this post. Would be shocked if it's a mere coincidence and even if it's not, that's crazy.
i play ranked so I get a more competitive environment but do not care if I win or lose just play for fun and get clips and also play with friends to have more fun
Like two years ago Brim had a second stim beacon, earning the nickname of stimmy brimmy. I'd be willing to get that back.
Man does every game have that guy raging at the start or what...
riots really good abt comm banning. text bans are almost instant and voice bans take abt a day max in my experience
you can't really spam smokes with a guardian and it's terrible against run&gun. it sits at a weird price point where it's not really a full buy but also too expensive for eco rounds. i like using it as a practice weapon to improve my crosshair placement and first bullet accuracy, but it's not "versatile" imo
Console beta got me hooked. I know people HATE on consoles but the game plays extremely well.
I don’t think it’s gonna make a difference to be honest, cause most people in comms by default just say “him” regardless of whatever gender the enemy is 😭
Covid among us was peak gaming
My main problem with ANY kill giving her an orb: the low health Reyna will just bait teammates so she can get a free heal. Why take the risk of dying trying to get a kill/assist for a heal while your team can do it for you?

This basically makes her even more selfish lol.

I'm really hoping she gets a change that is able to help her team more. Honestly I'm down to just completely lose her 1v5 ability with her current ult for something more team-oriented, but I don't think that will happen as the statment says "That doesn't mean we want her to have more 'teamplay' in her kit".
Calm down faker stop pulling up the map man
Yeah, he pulls out a little iPad minimal thing and you just place them like that. Not actually a smoke grenade that you throw. Although his Molly does have a lot of lineups with a high skill ceiling
they did an amazing job with this port. everyone said for years it wouldn’t work, they nailed the feel of the game
Not a surprise you're flamed when usually no one does it right lol. But this ain't gonna reach the people flaming you nor convince them you're the exception
Cypher feels like the one sentinel I have to try to coordinate with my teammates to take out. Anytime someone brings up the indestructible wires or off angle cameras they just say to use sova or raze as if we'll always have one to counter it
Nobody said it was deep he's just making an observation
Turned 38 four days ago. I play between 6 and 12 hours a week. Played CS since 1.3, took a break around 2004 until GO came out in beta. Then another break until Valorant in late 2022.
Throwing in TDM? lmao
You should have good aim already, pick some agents and learn them. (their abilities)
I’ve been immortal off and on through the episodes. Just hit it this act recently. I play a couple of games in the morning and a couple late at night on a normal day. 

Being competitive is just fun, but it doesn’t rule my life. A lot of people sink too much time into games, when in reality, you’ll perform more consistently and at a higher level if you have a clean bedroom, clean clothes, take showers, eat right, work out, take care of your responsibilities, and develop skills outside of the game. 

TLDR: most radiants and high immo players I know are productive and driven people irl, not basement dwellers.
Looks like I'm saving some money! Thanks
I was almost finishing Killjoy agent contract I was at 185k XP and now I need to start all over to get 8,000 KC just to unlock the 10th Tier.
so it was worse than unrated 💀
No. Smurf accounts are mostly made to dunk on kids lower than the player's actual rank. Back when I first played CS:GO, I had hardware issues that severely limited my perforance thus caused a wave of false reports and losses making my trust factor and rank beyond repairable. Once I got better hardware, I made a new account and was able to rank up fairly easily. It just ended up becoming my main account after a while. I don't even touch my old Steam anymore.
exactly. with killjoy, honestly, she won't miss that finger
Only time I “team kill” is with friends and even then it’s only tossing my nade with a second left of the round to make them panic. It’s all for laughs but I 100% agree with you
Wow, I thought that number was WAY bigger. I always see streamers buying every BP and many of them have been streaming since day 1, I'm incredibly surprised.
My favorite maps were Fracture, Pearl and Haven. Why lord, why?!
They’re saying you should have a vague understanding of economy if you’ve been playing daily for 4 years 

Not that level makes you more skilled but it should certainly make you aware of basic RULES even if unspoken of the game you’re investing that much time in
Sound off, music on, death match is about aim and crosshair placement practice. Look to practice those things and not give a shit about whether or not you're dying. Death match shouldn't be played to win
Bro just wrote an essay on a valorant round 💀
Spaghetti code.
Wow. I had no idea
I’ve been warming up with TDM recently because of the sound whoring
Peaked Silver 2, finished Silver 1 and got Placed back in Bronze 1.

It was hell getting out of Bronze and now I'm right back at the beginning 💀
How would it be petty? If he logs into it and plays on it and is pulling his weight it shuts the door. He doesn’t really have an alt
hahaha he probably didn't expect to slam into the wall

plus i intentionally planted it on the deep end of site expecting the flank
I legit had a game the other day where some child begged me for my vandal skin (it wasn’t even that good, randomizer gave me the plane skin) but the lil fucker didn’t even have enough money to buy me a gun in return and left me with a classic in a rifle round
The flick on gecko was disgusting
Nice. And Potter won best coach. Happy for her. Bummer about EG though.
My thought process:

No one making fun of your whiff on Jett - below Asc

Fake rotate and 2k - above Silver

Tap spike and rotate for fast plant - at least Gold

Facetanked several Killjoy shots - below Dia

Hesitating with boombot despite hearing footsteps CT - probably Plat
[deleted]
This is the type of post that got us the 500$ ahri skin over at League
Just play casual, dude. That's the whole point of the game mode.
god heard my prayers, but i guess i shoulda clarified a little more
I like how there are a fuck ton of weapons in the Valorant protocol HQ but for some reason Brim and the gang only used the same group of weapons for every single mission, but now Omen just went like:

>**- "Okay, this is my sick lore cinematic highlight, time to finally use a different badass weapon that we neglected for 4 years straight for make fans go crazy af"**

I just imagine this in my head ngl lmao.
iso is ass no matter what. you can't rely on him being your only duelist.

Skye not having rechargeable flashes will only prevent her from getting info at the start of the round with her flash.

Dog remains good, heal unchanged, and i would say the ult "nerf" doesnt change anything.

Skye still good.
Not sure what you mean by lineups unless you mean 1 ways, because her decay ability explodes after a few seconds in air
As a 28 year old, I don’t even really mind the kids. Usually they just play and are having a good time.

The 17-22 age band however seems to be filled with people that act like every single round in this game is a matter of life or death.
I… I hate map pool. I just want all the maps. For ✨variety✨
Judging by the sound sensor and your KD, deadlock is sick of this shit.
I will be shocked if this is higher than silver/gold....
I dislike playing with trios especially. The chances of getting bullied increase because people are emboldened due to the gang mentality. Half the time, these teams also are on external VOIP and comms come in late.
Kayo ult down doesnt count as a kill. Neither does phoenix ult
Give him one???????
If you dont have it on ssd you will load in game way later (my friend missed abt 2 rounds in swiftplay even this he is on a good pc). Also you will have less input delay. Thats what he figured out, so i will take his word for it
Sounds like a guy throwing to de-rank but doing enough to bypass any “sabotaging team” offenses.
If you open their match history for like 40 games they're at a 53% win rate. And they play multiple characters. I think it's safe to say that they should stay in that rank, although they're doing more hot recently.
Buddy your Breach ulted your entire team that did nothing to help you get on site😂
is there aim assist on val console?
This isn't new and mostly works in low elo. Cam is easily shot and destroyed which is why it isn't used much.
I just do swift play when I want to play casually. Unrated is too much of a time commitment, if I have enough time I'll play ranked
Sovereign is too outdated. It’s competing against superior sound effects, actual reload animations, and way better textures.

This is a miss. 

But in reality it’s not for Riot because they basically copy/pasted Sov. 1.0 on some new guns at little to no cost. And people will still buy it.
i never warm up

if you play every other day, i don't see the point
Harbor bc no one plays smokes and it’s so easy to play aggressively on him
Not a single team will take you serious if you are immo1 latam/asc1 na peak.  
Try to grind ranked to get yourself to atleast 400-500RR then you can try out for some teams and if you are good enough eventually people would see you and they might offer you tryout for better teams. Playing ranked itself and people get to know you (in high elo) is also good if you aim to become pro, if you always play against t1/t2 players and play good against them there is chance to get recognized and invited for tryoffs for specific team. Premier is also great place to show yourself as a good player. But I would say first you have to focus on improvement and get to high elo before you even think about becoming a "pro".
finally a world where I'm allowed to use odin and not get called slurs because someone lost an aimduel vs someone crouching and standing still
ALSO quick scoping is faster and more accurate in CS than in Valorant so you can actually play more reactively and aggressively with AWP in CS
No packet loss but your performance is clearly suffering. Probably just lag.
You might… just maybe… 




need to take a break from the game
bruh my soul just left my body.
Nah. It’s his ult. He should have the advantage not the enemy.
I haven’t played many games haha 14 and won 11
AHHHH. RAFRESHIN'
it’ll probably sit in that top 10-15 game list on the front page of console stores cause it’s free, prolly behind apex legends & company

its easy for the game to stay popular cause it’s already a mainstream game that has plenty of good content creators… e-sports teams. its easy to follow
they're just saying they want a male character who can heal. no one is saying it's a role.
instacrouch makes me think silver-gold
it cost me 0 cents to be toxic too /s
Nahh that’s not having a bad day, that’s just straight up being a bad person. 

I will ngl, sometimes I have bad days and I really want to flame my teammates. But saying sth sexist/racist or whatever would never cross my mind
Um no, that’s like saying viper can’t lay down smokes it should be invisible too
They can hear your reload though but they can't hear you switching gun
many not a smurf ... i have games where i pop off and i am a reyna player and gett called smurf all the time ..... there are also games where i get 8 kills and 18 deaths ... maybe the players were just having a good day
Crosshair too small
I love this game, but the matchmaking is beyond weird.

Some days my games feel close, interesting and i do pretty well. Other days i get completely destroyed by people that are far out of my league and then i will play 4 games and be team/match mvp in 3 of them.

And its always the entire day...
If they're playing duelist at your rank, they have to feel confident with what their role is, and that's to frag out.  Also, they have abilities to escape (and heal afterward in the case of a reyna taking a 1v1), which is why you often see reynas/jetts/chambers dropping a lot of kills.
He transforms vandal into phantom , phantom into spectre , and gets demolished by stinger 

For me they should make shotguns having only one pellet stopped by the shield so to make one weapon counter him
You are the only one.. everyone knows you are supposed to be an f1 car when walking in real life, always opting for the most optimal and shortest path while absolutely pushing your engine to the max in your head.
Shame on you
I once saw a neon player absolutely wreck house with an op. Now I’m not one of those players that think only Jett and Chamber should op but I think for her playstyle a sniper is like the worst fit. Stinger, spectre, phantom anything that fits a run n gun type style works infinitely better but hey, that’s smurfing for ya.
you can inspect Chamber Ult
He’s talking about how it’s not the run and gun that allows immortals to win these fights. He knows it’s called run and gun bro. Silvers are mediocre at everything including run and gun. Yall have zero awareness of timing and that’s why yall get tapped. The vid shows it working cause if u see many of the clips he pushes out when they are reloading or using util or not paying attention.
Cypher doesn't, Amir does.
Hell yeah you tell em.  They’ll come back and say something about rigged MM where they get the worst teammates and always against Smurfs, or losers queue or whatever other cope shit 
They were probably screaming in party voice com, and ive also praised him but the clip didnt pick up my voice
Our top frag says in all chat “im the goat, im kobe i hit all them shots”


Enemy replies “Yeah? Im the helicopter bi***”
cracked
They need to add another map into rotation and I stand by this.
Prelude to Chaos - vandal
During the beta and like a month or two after the game’s release, Sage’s ult voice line wouldn’t even play, so you’d literally have to watch the kill feed to see if she used it in the round or not.
Amazing!
Nah man she kinda kills my joy so....
Usually ok then you start showing your skins and they will not stop asking for a skin every round lmao. If you refuse they will bait you and take your gun. Fun server.
“precise gunplay” “abilities don’t kill”
The puckering butthole crosshair
Really exploring a new frontier w this one
yea idk either, everyone in this game can SHOOT shoot for some reason.
I get that. My point is that if you were to start at 60, get decayed down to 15 but also get healed 30 during the decay your HP would return to 90 instead of 60. This clip kind of makes it look like decay completely overrides heal but that isn't the case.
Confirmed chance? No. But it's extremely low, from what I hear.
Must be low rank. I realized that you see way more normal people in diamond+. They know what’s a joke and when to play the game.
~~bug~~ ❌

Viper buff ✅
Everything above immortal 2 gets numbers on it

This guy hit radiant as his peak, so it shows there.
Try using your ult correctly instead of barking for changes.
Its the turkish ding?
Killer queen has already entered your eye!
What difference does it make if you're new or not, even people literally playing for the first time end up buying guns, not always the best ones for a situation, not also always at the right time, but still

Just report and move on, if you're really frustrated maybe send a ticket 😂 probably a waste of time but if it puts your mind to ease it's worth it
If the opponents are flaming it means it’s working
I think im iron 1 and icebox
He’s only broken in higher ranks for that reason.
There isn’t a set schedule but there’s typically at least one new agent per Episode. Safe bet for the timing on this one would be some time around Champions Seoul in August.
Ignore anyone trying to sugar coat it, yes the game is toxic and yes you will face people like that almost every game. The best thing to do is mute and ignore toxic teammates, don't feed into them.
Imagine KJs team lost 12-14 because of this round
You don’t question why you have to spend money to upgrade a skin you paid $30 for?
This is more of advice I was giving and also hear other give. Is that for new players that are coming from cs, that they should use Kay/o since its similar utility. But initiator and especially kay/o is one of the hardest agents to play and master. He requires understandings of maps and player behaviors more than other simpler utility characters. This makes the game feel overwhelming and his kit underwhelming. Discouraging the player and probably making him turn back to cs.
If the vandal sounds like this it'll actually be kinda nice.
Economically speaking, the sheriff is an amazing price for what could lead to 1-2 kills, however you have to have decent aim or good positioning. I find myself buying stinger on defensive ecos and sheriffs on offensive ecos because you can play for closer angles on defense and stingers are almost at least a guaranteed 1.
Yeah man it was insane. She didn’t even do anything just talked and they started calling her an egirl and all that 😭 at the end Yoru said Astra below me but they gave him a free ace at one point so 🤣 I’m taking a break from this game
The shots were clean. I would have said above gold just because of the double satchel entry, and how you went down the rope silently. I didn’t know people in gold did those.
They didn't die for nothing. They died because they missed. They shot like 4 meters behind the Clove.
I thought so but I've only been casually playing for about a week so🤷‍♂️
So there’s a few variables I would have to GUESS they are:

1. Are you comming more then needed? Your teammates don’t need a 16 round overview for WHY you are making your plan, nor do they even need a why. 
2. Excessive comms. Details are good, but to many is annoying. This also falls under backseating. 
3. Annoying voice. I don’t chose what people find annoying, but if you have a very high pitch voice, people MAY mute you from that alone. It’s not a reason not to comm, it’s just a part of comming. 

If you wanna vod review your comms(for free obvi), my discord is screenen
i’ve never heard anything but titties
Referring to your edit here: Technically it is a scam, people are paying for something that was built off of a fake image he provided. 

People wouldn’t have paid for his coaching if he didn’t lie about being radiant. If they did, there’s no way anyone would pay $1000 for it. The definition of a scam is “a dishonest scheme” and that’s exactly what this falls into.
If a yoru knows what theyre doing, they can send a flash at the corner of your eye and full blind you. You dont even get to see the flash to dodge it
They weren’t held as a baby, and was neglected for their whole childhood. Now they yearn for attention.
The FGC is built on grassroot tournaments. Them being basement dwellers is much less likely. A lot of them have great social skills.
The reyna is not a smurf,I checked her tracker,hell the game right after she lost 3-13 agaisn't bronzes and had a 9/12/1 scoreline,she just had a good game,not a smurf.
i feel like "insane tech" is just overused for anything mildly interesting.
Better apologise
Paper Rex cuz I’m a yoru player and forsaken plays yoru like a god.
Tapping bomb on plant/defuse then immediately making noise completely giving away the fake. Happens even in Ascendant/Immortal.
Honestly the tangents get longer imo bc he’s explaining things very detailed, now more than ever actually. With his persona I’m sure many see it as more annoying simply bc it takes longer, but he never just mindlessly flames ppl without providing help and strategies to improve what he (granted often harshly) criticizes.
try it in custom with a friend if you can. Omen Tp emits a sound at the origin point, and then a similar sound (the same?) at the landing point, but at lower volume. Plus, the second sound starts before the first one ends, making it all mush together, and it's actually very hard to pin point where the landing is. unless you're in complete silence, which usually, if you're trying to fake TP, there's probably a bunch of noise, it's near impossible to tell where you went.

Even pro players, when they release their tournament comms online, say stuff like "Omen TPed", but they rarely specify where, simply because they have no clue...

try it, and more generally, try "dumb" TPs with Omen. you'd be surprised what you can get away with if there's enough noise around.
Hard to say.

Let's say the girlfriend plays on her own and she has a boosted rank. That is going to negatively impact the ranks around her.

However, mathematically, the combined skill of the boyfriend and girlfriend on a single team *is* correct, meaning that playing with both of them is actually fair play because the game does correctly know their combined ranks.
I know this sub is young and either doesn’t do their own taxes or don’t know what write off is but it is not just a free 1 to 1 money conversion. I don’t know if it’s the media or whatever making it seem like that, but it lowers the taxable income total, not negates the amount from the tax. This means for streamers that buy these bundles, few hundred off of their yearly income isn’t this insanely massive perk that people in the comments are making it out to be. A huge amount of jobs have way more impactful tax write offs, they’re just not video game purchases lol
That definitely doesn't work. I find myself playing one more match unless I find a satisfying match irrespective of win or loss.
Chamber way back with the glowing glasses like he's the final boss.
would be perfect tbh
Astra, Jett, Yoru, Chamber, Brimstone, Phoenix, Sage, Sova, Viper, Cypher, Reyna, Killjoy, Breach, Gekko, Clove, Iso, Omen, Raze, Skye, Kay/o, Asstra, Neon, Harbor and Deadlock

  
Just those....
small indie company
Dang, read me like a book. I am bronze 1 trying to get better :)
bronze or silver
a lot of gun switching, crosshair placement low, slow peeking almost everything, questionable gatecrash (yoru tp if you dont know this you are definitely iron) and a lot of indecisiveness with utility (especially the flash. Also a lot of all chat messages which most low elo players like to do
HONESTLY THOUGH I should've spent that time already thinking about the next round
Same here. Problems with games happen all the time with small indie companies like Riot. Just gotta endure it..
i still count it as an ace ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ maybe the in game caster doesn't say it, but basic definition of ace across shooters is just "kill everyone on the enemy team by yourself" so works for me lol
I'm no business guy, but if 1mil people buy a skin for $5 that's $5,000,000.

If 200k people buy that same skin $45 that's 9,000,000
swag-7 is goated
I would be guessing gold/plat. Because the greed that early as a solo controller, and the team comp with chamber/harbor/sage on icebox.
Nice ace tho!
This is very useful!
Happy pride 🌈
Ain't no way blud made a whole post instead of going into the collection
If I posted this, players would say:

"Gotta be a silver game."

Nice clutch tho. 😎
Unless its like a risky situation like a 2 v 1 I think it is best to give Clove the chance because by killing the target it basically wastes the ult, and if Clove was able to kill that person they would be able to have a better econ since they would have been able to stay alive. So kinda like the same principle when Sage resurrects a random person after the round is basically won to basically keep there econ. 

Not to mention even if Clove didn't get the pick it was still favorable for your team. So unless its like too risky of a situation like a 2 v 1 I think it is best to give Clove that chance unless Clove is using thereself to bait so ya'll can get the pick
Make one more pun and we’ll ISOlate you :3
"ascendants are average" is a crazy statement lol. if you're gonna bring up averages, you just need to look at statistics, and statistically diamonds are [top 17th percentile](https://www.esportstales.com/valorant/rank-distribution-and-percentage-of-players-by-tier) which is quite literally above average.
Technically there’s a meaning behind this advice and it’s not bad. It usually means you’re alone and your doesn’t want you expending yourself without them, or or means you’re defending and you just need to keep numbers to win the round
What? You guys don't have kids over there?
That's actually a reason I can understand. If the whole team is trolling, it's unplayable and a surrender does not go through I guess you just want to end it as fast as possible.
the dizzy literally saved bro 1 life
Riot did fantastic job with the console beta. Runs 120fps without any drops and the aiming feels as good as it can on a controller. I don't see any reason for it to not be popular on console.

As for myself, I'll most likely keep playing Valorant on console whenever I'm taking a break from Street Fighter or when I'm not playing anything else.
The voting is for if people are queued together and  a player knows their friend is gonna rejoin (I assume). Obviously this doesn’t always work as intended in practice
before you ask, the aspect ratio is because of youtube shorts, so pretend you're a small mouse watching thank you
I play regularly with my girlfriend, we never talk much other than calls and we carry most of our games, yet we get comments all the time even after saying a word. I understand there's also people acting weird around, but people hating out of nowhere are as bad as them.
How do you even find these, lmfao.
No comms, only talks to complain, and asks for skins.
possibly the funniest clip i've ever seen on this sub
interesting name
Deadlock might even need a rework and not just a few buffs. In high elo and pro play she practically does not exist.
1. It is based on CS 1.6. CS was popular for a reason, but it got stale for many. Then comes Riot Games who already put out LoL, which is probably the biggest esport there is. Of course many are gonna give it an initial shot, making it easier for Riot to build a community initially.

2. It is a genuinely polished game. Despite the occasionally broken ass agents, the game overall doesn't have many common bugs (there is definitely some), is low with the amount of hackers, and is very responsive with 128tick servers.

3. The game was played, and still is, by a shit ton of content creators, who are basically free advertisement.

4. Caters very well to casuals as the abilities and skins are very flashy and often fun.
Best:

- Boni, Gibyn, and any Deadlock mains. They make her strong and use her abilities in a very creative way. 

- Eggwick's content is uncommon, is still fresh and ages like a fine wine

- Peak was the reason why I start to main Cypher for a long time

- Joshseki used to be too sensitive but now he has balls and his content is entertaining

- Majski is funny


Worst:

- Jollz ofc

- I don't know why no one talk about it, but Rem is a real douchebag. Deleting comments who are disagree with him or use the "pin of shame" method or just bitching like a child. Starts to promote every new bundle but calls them a scam, while he is bragging in the comments his videos are monetized. Let's be honest, what are we expect from a guy with the edgiest profile picture? Has some good videos but his attitude is terrible.

- AverageJonas's ego is more fragile than Tate fanboys

- WestJett has valid points but you can't take him serious because he handle criticism as 'omg why are you offended by a cringe guy who's just making skin ranking videos'. Also makes the same skin ranking videos with the same humor. 

- I have a question to Dittozkul/Valorant Curios fans. WHY? He is the laziest content creator who's making the same videos but he is whining about Riot is too lazy!? Because a fucking battlepass vandal isn't shiny enough? AND CALLS IT A SCAM!?!?!? Spreads misinformations, entilted content, his thumbnails are clickbaity, and constant whining like a Karen. His ignorance is extremely toxic to valorant community and his fandom living in Delusion Land. My favorite comment of one of his fans(aka meatriders) is "Riot is leaking bundles on purpose, if it is hyped, they make it expensive, if it isn't, they make it cheap. We should make a petition" 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀(of course he liked it) Also, he out so much effort in his videos, when Clove's leaks are released, he just used one of his thumbnails and changed an icon. But we know Riot is just a lazy company led by greedy old men who are wipping their ass with money. I admit Valorant has a lot of flaws but his point are irrelevant.
That feels a bit too powerful for me especially post plant
I play iso a lot and just assumed that the walls are tangible. This is big if true
Tracker?
I feel so bad that I am an instalock duelist. But whenever I try fill I have no impact. I will occasionally dodge the queue if we don't have smokes but for the most part I accept I am part of the problem.
The thing about using DMs to practice is to remember that your score does not matter. If you ever see a pro player play DM you can clearly tell that they do not care how many times they die or lose a fight. They use it purely to practice their mechanics. If you stop caring about kills/deaths and start focusing on mechanics and improvement it will make you a much better player quickly
Play 10 games and you'll drop back down to Silver.
more like since the big bang
He's literally happily accepting the loss
Does he play any other game that uses EAC, Battleye, EA AntiCheat, Ricochet, or Defense Matrix? All have kernel/ring 0 access while the game is running. The biggest difference with Vanguard is that it’s always running. He can shut it off when he isn’t playing Valorant, and restart his PC when he want to play, and it will essentially function in the same way any of the above mentioned ACs do.
Started iron 2, currently immortal 2
Ngl people treat it as chore or necessity at this point playing aimlabs and stuff making the skill floor to ranks higher over and over I would just love if they never existed, not fun to get one tapped with nothing to do sometimes
Yep, I've read through too many text walls of advice just to see at the end they're plat peak 💀
What you said honestly. Iron - Silv are genuinely terrible at the game and probably don’t know how to play. Gold-Plat somewhat know the game and I’ve noticed a single gold can often dominate a low elo lobby, so imo they’re on a different level than Iron-Silv. 

Going by statistics too, Gold is smack dab in the middle of the top 50% of players. Pretty safe to say they’re as mid as players can get. 

I’d divide it even further by 

- Iron-Silv, low elo. 
- Gold, mid elo. (Top 50% of players) 
- Plat-Dia, high mid elo. (Top 22% of players) 
- Asc-Immo2, high elo. (Top 5% of players) 
- Immo3+, top elo. (Top 0.5% of players) 

Immo3 used to be top 1% but half of them got kicked into Asc/Dia since the Ep 8 patch release… 🫠
Nah but he basically said that guys opinion doesn't matter because he's not radiant, and he said that same thing dozens of times. He called himself radiant almost once a video while he was hard stuck imm. Ehhh he's just kind of scummy lol nothing he can do to fix that image now
Those bastards killed Wingman. Time to boycott doRito.
were they far away or something? there is no audio so I cant tell if they even tried spamming it Also brim tried throwing his molly which went fuck knows where lol.
They just released the RGX outlaw bro
when i miss that start and practice button twice I can already hear the stardew valley theme or whatever cozy game im playing instead lol
As a new player, I've watched all of WHJ's map guides and training videos, although I don't do much of the drills besides early on where I did deadzoning practice and also deathmatches. My thoughts are going to be kinda messy but yeah..

I don't find him condescending at all, though in his recent videos, it can seem more "mean" but I don't think it's actually that mean. In some of the videos, it's the second time he has reviewed someone. For example, the viper on Breeze that someone mentioned on this thread. He just expects more from people in higher ranks and also he has reviewed this Viper on their duelist role, and so sometimes I think the videos have missing context of the relationship between him and viewer. Basically, he thinks the Viper has a lot of bad habits from when he's a duelist, and that fundamentally he's not playing like a controller at all.

I do think he unnecessarily times people out often for voicing certain things. For example, there was one guy who IGLs in the vod, and he can sound a bit "overcomm-y". Someone said he would hate to play with that person, and WHJ muted him for 20 minutes and said 3-5 lines about that if he (WHJ) is on initiator, I would love to play with a duelist like that. I don't mind doing plays for people. Then he muted the person and also said "this is why you're going to stay in ascendant and not climb".

Personally I think there are better ways to explain this, but at the end of the day, I don't really have any opinion on it.

I simply use his videos for my benefit. I mostly watch Kyedae to learn Controller gameplay.
man I live in a diffrent time zone and live in  a strict household I will try in the weekend
Meanwhile yoru stuck in japan 

It’s funny to see lower elo and seeing what is wrong about the play style that frustrates you, it can help consolidate how not to play
Oh my ears!
That less damage comes with a silencer and extra ammo to spray through smokes. Best used in close range fights or as defenders especially by controllers and cypher. 

Vandal being 1 tap comes with worse spray, less ammo, visible bullet tracers through smokes. 

Both the guns are balanced according to the niche that needs to be filled.
Omen just really didn't feel like being hit, sorry.
Saving it for next game
every character's are, it's just kayo's are more distinctive since he's a robot
okayy thanks i was just wondering!
I just run into people and try to put myself in the hardest situation possible like 3/4 people peeking me at the same time
Then they can requeue I do not see the problem with the above mentioned proposal.
I’m 27 nearly 28 and I play it 🤷‍♂️
are you all of my ranked teammates??
Pretty much perfect response, tbh. I said previously that I was likely done with Hooj forever, and at the time I meant it (because his initial responses were _so bad_).

But this hit pretty much everything I wanted to see from him. He comprehensively acknowledged every single moral failing of his, took accountability for it all, and laid out some actionable steps towards change.

In particular, it felt extremely validating to hear him acknowledge that _continuing_ to lie about his rank for such an extended period + completely fabricating a crucial certification for personal gain were both deplorable actions.

If nothing else, I'm at least heartened by Hooj's seemingly genuine desire to turn things around and right his wrongs. Anything can still happen, but this is nice to see fs.
Pretty sure this has to do with the Evil Eye.

Fade is turkish if i remember correctly. She has this eye elsewhere in her design trinkets/sprays and my guess is that they extended that paint color to her finger nails as well.

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Evil\_eye](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Evil_eye)

Edit: its called a Nazar in Turkey and shes has a trinket with that eye on it. Also on her spray of turkish coffee.

It also fits in with her whole kit as well.

From wiki:

The evil eye is a supernatural belief in a curse\[1\] brought about by a malevolent glare, usually given to a person when one is unaware. 

So i think her kit has a lot to do with that glare and the curse that follows. Pretty cool.
I think the animation didn't trigger when he's waiting in pocket
If I can't aim, gotta use my brain
I suppose if they made a shy and timid character no one would play them because no one wants to play a character that's scared of the battlefield. All the agents have confidence to give the players themselves confidence.
Breeze is the worst and its not even close. This map has been changed several times and its still an abomination. First of all you need Cypher AND Viper or you're at a massive disadvantage, no other map feels like you NEED a specific agent in order to have a good chance of winning, let alone TWO. 

The map is also more about winning your gunfights over strategizing and execution which is just boring in my opinion. The operator is also really strong on this map due to the sightlines and a good operator player can control the entire game on this map if you don't have util to force them off the angle. Worst map by a LARAGE margin, I even dodge this map in unrated. Its that unfun to play.   
  
Icebox is 2nd in line but at least its not completely miserable to play.
Is there even a point now to the orb being throwable if it's not repositionable? Might aswell just get rid of the lineups and giver an interface like Omen's.
Running into smurfs is part of the grind but duping with the guy who boosted you in crazy 😹
post name to twitter Anti-Cheat Police Department
They cuz they grief them and when they die, they take their gun.
For me it's the guardian. For a long time I've had a constant issue of just spraying and praying but ever since I picked up the guardian it's forced me to make every shot count. I honestly barely use the vandal anymore even though its objectively better all round.
I think it's mostly due to the difference between aiming with a 4x scope and aiming with only your crosshair. Definitely easier to get kills when the enemy is taking half your monitor lol
All that would do is slow down real players and increase how long leveling bots are in the game. Most smurfs buy a level 20 account for a couple bucks, they don't level the account themselves. 
I find it absolutely baffling how many ppl even in the higher ranks don’t buy after winning pistol. 

It’s so confusing to me. If u win pistol, full buy (usually spectre armour, tho can be different)

Ppl even did this in ascendant. Like in my head, how the fck do u get to ascendant not understanding the most fundamental economy of the game??
If you're hardstuck in Iron for 2 years not even the asian brother Iso can help you💀
Meant more the Content Creators smurfing who are ruining games & encouraging others to do the same.
Immo 90 rr and i get 15.. bots are NOT my thing bro
Tbh rn i feel like 10k ain't enough cuz I want to spend all my kingdom credits on deadlock 's contract. I have 7.5k kingdom credits and like 95k/200k to unlock deadlock so I'm afraid I might reach the 10k cap before unlocking the agent and might have to spend a few kingdom credits elsewhere. Otherwise it seems just about fine to me
Eggster is an example of a good Radiant player. I think he was rank 1 or 2 last act.

Anyways, he is very strong, but if you don't use him right, you're trolling. I'm not a Yoru main, so take this with a grain of salt..but he is good at multiple things. He's a duelist with flash. He can info initiate with his ult, he can exploit timings with his TP, fast rotate with TP (useful with OP on defense, among other situations), gather info with clone...

 >My question is that if I really learn the agent inside and out, will I continue finding success with him?

Yes, though I will add it goes beyond that, you need to understand the map and what's happening on said map, in addition to your own abilities. Obviously that's true with most agents, but moreso with Yoru due to TP and knowing where/when to deploy your ult. The TP is the ultimate example of this - you can look like a fool if you TP into an enemy, or a genius if you TP into a hidden pocket nobody notices... and just throwing random TP's you saw on Youtube with no rhyme or reason stops working at some point.
F1 drivers have lightning sharp reaction speed and some of them are pretty old. It all about maintenance.
Agreed. It's one if very few comms that should be given in any 1 man clutch. "3 bullets."

Last know location can be good in clutches. But you have to be clear with that. "Last seen _____"
Nah, people wiff all the time even on higher ranks.

If you truly getting instakilled all the time, it's most likely not about their skill but about your positioning.

Simply said, if you get headshoted without a chance to shoot, you walk into their crosshair yourself.
I never even know there was a toggle to turn this off? it doesnt say what button?
Top 5 for me in order right now:

1. Aspas

2. Demon1

3. Less

4. Alfajer

5. JohnQT/Zekken
Idk but my kjs only rotate when they are sure of a site execute
Neon fast lane actually is a fast lane and gives her additional movement speed.


Neons reason to pick her right now is her rotation speed and how much pressure she puts on the enemy when her fast lane is up.


Either the pressure needs to be more when it comes to fast lane if you want to match jetts 9 angles she can dash in from or she needs it to be up more than once a round.
It bothers me more than it should when the top frag is also the Least Valuable Player. Especially when they say "I got mine" or some other nonsense... yes you did, you hit them for 30 with a running leg shot, you locked Jett and never support entry, have been last alive lurking for 8 rounds, never try to retake site, don't comm, bait your teammates... 

But they have the most kills, so the problem is everyone else
Bro u paid real money, that’s not kingdom credits
Think of the movement jett and raze have though, they are both able to dramatically move two dimensions on a x/y/z axis - you are stuck on the x/y. I dont think it would be op at all tbh. Jett can updraft then tailwind in a random direction, two raze satchels can make her go fast in multiple angles.
but wtf was the enemy reyna doing, she missed like half a mag at the end (she‘s immortal 3 peak btw)
Average valorant enjoyer.
Cypher getting back his hat after ulting?!?!?1!?11!?!one!?!1 They never played Best boy cypher before
Man wtf bruh. I was really enjoying viper even if I was shit at the game.
I’m sorry but what is EVERYONE on attackers doing OFF SITE during POST plant???
People have also noticed that he will not take fall damage if he has his shield. Which is nice, since that means he won't lose his shield to a dumb fall while he is trying to jump out and search for a fight.
Yeah it's this. I drink and play. I'm terrible at it, but I have times where I lock in and do something cool. It's mostly just me and friends talking and playing like idiots
We don't deserve to be ascendant fr
I just scroll cuz it’s easier to go form Knife to Vandal. Enabling loop around is annoying though cuz I can scroll to my secondary but scrolling too much. Though number keys is a good habit
Astra can be useful if u can be in a 3/5 stack with players u know how to coordinate and communicate well with, or if u are consistently able to coordinate with randoms (good luck on that lmao). I feel like her overall complexity gets overstated by non-astra players a lot in this sub, which makes ppl think she shouldn’t be touched before a certain rank.
Flex on the Reyna by showing you have a full time job and have real world money instead of fake world RR
Technically you do if you die every round, cause you get one ult point from dieing, but yeah, weird way to say it haha
As an immortal player with friends ranging from all ranks, I'd say yes.

Gold is the average. And yet gold can be seen as high subjectively by a bronze player.

---

Skillwise diamonds are the ones who start to understand the basic of the games though. Most of them know basics of economy, peeking, burst vs spray vs tap fire, movement etc..

Ascendents should know the fundamentals of the game and be able to use them. They also have decent game sense.

Low immortals are like Ascendents but their execution is better.

Mid to high immortals have good executions and understanding of the game. Sometimes you don't need much communication to do stuff. Better mentality than low immortals.

This is by no means a disrespect towards players lower than diamond. Gold is the average and the average player doesn't necessarily has the drive to learn the game to it's core. I've just seen too many basic mistakes done by players below diamond. Even people in diamond do simple mistakes that are basics.
If Gekko dies while Wingman is still alive, he can control it
A heaven - if you go up the stairs near CT.

Although people rarely camp the breakable glass window but it's a chance
the cheat knows where the enemies are by looking at the games code, the cheat then aims and clicks for you
Based as fuck. Good luck in your grind.
but Riot map selections are not completely random. They have algorithms to avoid recently played maps, and increase chances of variation in maps a player gets
no longer the map bro this is his rank
yeah xbox gamepass partnered with valorant so you just gotta link it to ur valo acc and u get all agents
man called OP a 🍤
you killed them and they got angry, not too complicated
Just general Brim Ult fuckery. Ult Pheonix coming out of his Ult. Ult Sage revive. Ult Sova when he ults. Ult Viper entire Ult area to get her out. Ult Skye when she uses a dog. Gekko in his Ult. Iso Ult when my teammate loses. Might be a few more but you get the idea.
OP is cheating and openly posting on reddit

Clearly some fake lag switch, you see the packet loss going to 100% in sync with the sound (the sound is always a bit delayed)

He clearly has binded a key to disconnect internet and another to reconnect and needs the graph to make sure that he doesn't stay disconnected and kicked from the game by mistake.

The presence of the packet loss alone without the other usuals that people add when they have packet loss is clearly a tell tale sign that all of this isn't a random occurence.

OP is using external tools to gain an unfair competitive advantage, I hope he gets banned.
Its a real slippery slope and threads like this so soon after the passing aren't the right place to discuss it. But I don't necessarily agree that it should be 100% on the family. Many people who've done this aren't real close to their families and as u/skelzor posted this is a society wide issue which shouldn't be swept under the carpet.
pinché radianite - I believe it’s spanish slang equivalent to “fucking”
I do quite fondly remember being in 3rd grade and asking 2nd graders what 16 x 3 was for entertainment
Cypher. That man’s cold as fuck
That's a horrible distribution of the player base
25 isn’t even old, i queue with mates from college and our lobby’s are like 27-28 years old on average - averaging ascdendent.
No fall damage there if you don't jump before the fall but the guy probably hears you either way
I main shorty
Csgo players run away from Valorant because csgo players are afraid to be happy
and yet cypher trips are still instantly reusable, dont depend on cypher being close, cannot be smoked off to avoid them, rearm automatically after a second and sometimes even have to be triggered to be destroyed. They are ridiculously powerful compared to other sentinel utility. 
Also, just to compare: kj, chamber and deadlock traps can always be smoked off or at least destroyed before they trigger, kj makes vulnerable, chamber slows, deadlock stuns — yes cypher trips slow, stun and reveal the target.
if u instalock dont cry when we have 5 duelists
this cracked me up haha
Harbor.

Use orb for fake flash

Instant radiant
Duelists are versatile for every situation so always play them
Nice one!

Also, fix your minimap to show the whole map.
The most obvious possible clone considering he watched it spawn out of thin air and Yoru is still in his ult, and my man takes two seconds to look at it and still decides to shoot it 😂
HAHAH i came here to say the same thing
...you understand that's the point of strategy/crossfire, right? Crossfires are SUPPOSED to be really strong. You can't just dry peek them. Have a teammate flash or burn some other utility, or *pick a different route.*  


You're trying to play the game like Apex or COD or something when the game is NOT at all that.
Deadlock has got to be the most broken agent on release ever.
I feel that, it's even worse when they walk a bit at the start of every round but then continue to do nothing.
Should really do the CS thing where it just auto bans you after repeated instances of teamkilling. No way someone "accidentally" teamkills you 3 rounds in a row.

If 3 times is a genuine accident, maybe the player in question needs to take some time off to reflect for different reasons.
One of the only people I’ve had to mute on twitter, self-conscious or not it’s just brain rot
I love Fracture, I don't understand the hate. I thrive with KJ on this and with the right agents the two entrances are very easy to hold down. 
With the update they made it even better as you say it's an easy 9/10 map. People hate what they can't understand or defeat.
I think Breach was confirmed to be the tallest
At first I thought "Not bad. Playing without a crosshair." But it turns out that was just a low-bitrate video. Once it paused you could see the small crosshair.
My silver3 chamber main friend who I bullied playing iso agrees with this
Reminds me of when I got a virus from downloading the Kim K sextape on Limewire.
Why was Windows 10 not called Windows 9 🤔
EU - Paris/Frankfurt/Madrid
D) crouch hump your lifeless human body
I came back after a break and three games in a row in high diamond I got hit by the most blatant smurfs/toxicity/a 3v5 then a 4v5 literally the next game
Isos cool as a concept but very gimmicky at best. Not much reason to pick him over Phoenix for example.

I've seen high elo players make his kit work but that's a cop-out because you can say that for even deadlock.
I don't think I've ever won on Breeze.
Jett's not flying! She's just falling with style!
Do you know if vision granting utility gets a vision reduction (not drones like cypher cam or sova drone but like sofa dart and fade eye)

I usually try throw those into the ult and I can't tell if the enemy is destroying them too fast, the range is limited or I'm just throwing it in useless spots?

Thanks :)
More store RNG to rely on. Need that Ascent window spray
Find someone to play with consistently. I solo’d 3 games yesterday, here’s what happened to me:

Game 1: Won. Normal teammates. Very surprised.

Game 2: Teammates were also normal, but teammate chamber went afk every other round because his kid was crying in the crib. We were up 8-3 and lost 13-10. Not sure how I feel about this one.

Game 3: All 4 of my teammates were throwing. Teammate Brim had his name on streamer mode, and when the game ended, I was horrified to see that his name consisted of a name relating to child you-know-what crimes. He kept smoking us off entry on attack, and we lost 13-9. 

Needless to say, I will be looking for people to consistently play with.
shit my annoying ass teammates might be this guys brothers too
In the most recent voicelines, Chamber asks Viper how she’s doing and she straight up ignores him lol. There are no other agents in relationships. There is some flirting from Chamber to Iso (he’s so desperate lmao), Yoru to Skye and Breach to Reyna and Phoenix. Have no idea what‘s going on between Jett and Phoenix tbh but it seems like they could have crushes on each other. 

\^ Note: for flirting - going off stuff that’s either super obvious or confirmed
Fnatic Ran the same pistols strategy vs TL as they did the whole league, no new ideas introduced, mini didn't wanna reveal all his cards for a meaningless game ( since they already qualifed to tokyo playoffs ) and it paid off, I'm not a big Fnatic fan ( their fans are unbearable ) but everyone could tell they weren't playing to win the series
Kj turret is good counter
If it wasn’t for my stupid teammates holding me back I’d be Immortal 3 easily, instead I’m just stuck in silver with these idiots.
highest iq iron lobby
It seems so much easier to keep the crosshair at head level on console. What's your experience?
Maybe just to play with you, I would harass my big bro too if it would make him play with me lol.
why do valorant players always complain abt everything? at this point just play cs if u cant counter those utils
Man I HATE it, when that happens... You just die for nothing and spend your ult
+1 for having a suggestion for each agent. Quality post
For one, I personally haven't seen many complaints about Cypher, but I could just be missing stuff.

Secondly, what rank / elo are you? Once you get into higher elo or even mainly pro play, the usefulness of cypher traps goes down quickly. I'd doubt you'd get a sova to shock trips in silver or even gold. More importantly than just shocking the trips would be playing a good default to allow your team to break the trips and find out information before cutting noise and either re-hitting or rotating. In general, in lower elo abilities become stronger since people are less used to dealing with them.
How often do you repeek the same angle?
Google dementia
- don't walk while you shoot
- try to stay calm and shoot instead of just pressing fire 
- warmup with a deathmatch and try different weapons
counter strafe is not a thing in valorant. Counter strafing as the name suggest , uses the opposite direction key to counter the movement and reduce your momentum. It is mainly used in cs, where you take some time to slow down after releasing direction key, and you're innaccurate in this period. therefore you can tap the opposing direction key before pressing it again to strafe, so its looks like Hold A -> tap D -> shoot -> hold D

Unlike CSGO, in valorant you come to a stop almost immediately as soon as you let go off direction key, therefore you don't not need to "counter' left movement with D or right movement with A. So instead in valorant you can just do Hold A -> unhold -> shoot -> hold D -> repeat, no need to tap.

they both look similar but counterstraffing requires additional button press which is not needed in valorant. Many players in valorant also refer to deadzoning or jiggling as counterstrafing but thats not the correct term, so when someone tells you to counter strafe in valorant, they most likely mean to deadzone.
Then the obvious thing is to quit.  Don't let the sunken cost fallacy get the better of you.
Yeah i saw that too. For me it almost seems like false advertising and i am not here for it
I get where you’re coming from. I’ve done the same for 3rd person or an RPG games. Since this is an FPS, I don’t really care about it fitting aesthetic. Also since people can instalock certain agents, it means you might not get the agent you built your skins around which would defeat the entire purpose.

I’m sure your wallet is safer by approaching it this way though 😂
Jett's dad works for riot
1. Phoenix, because he is self-sustaining and he forces you to take initiative, and therefore, learn the fundamentals of gunplay faster.  
2. 3. Controller, if you put in the effort to watch some tutorials and strategy guides on YouTube.  
4. Pick what feels best to you.
“Eat your own heart out, Reyna.”

Viper knows how we all feel about Reyna.
But then you're playing deadlock
NO DONT GIVE HIM BACK TWO TRIPS MF CAN COVER HALF THE MAP AGAIN ASHGHASJKODHJKWASIUDYadsoiuadsuyadsouy
This is hilarious
Because people pay for it.
Bro is THE menace
kj and cypher, chamber if you use hh
there are a few sprays to commemorate plays like the optic vs liquid spray where victor knifes scream on ascent
It probably checks player location/hitbox and deals damage just once then ignores them - I assume Reyna's hitbox reappears after the dismiss, but ISO's just stays there the whole time
gekko isn't using wingman, wingman is using gekko.
Headhunter has four advantages over the regular sheriff. One shot headshot at any range, very fast equip time (0.25s), a zoomed ADS for better accuracy at range, and lastly, you keep your bullets when you die and it’s not something the enemies can pick up. Unlike most other abilities in the game, it’s not something you will be using every round. It’s great for eco rounds and saves. It’s also a great backup weapon if you are using snipers or shotguns.
Probably pretty popular, the console audience seems like it coincides with the valorant audience
Phoenix asking Omen about his knitting hobby are some good voice lines
I really enjoy his content and have been a viewer for a pretty long time now.  I had noticed a change in his demeanor over the past few months, some other posters had mentioned it comes across like a "god complex" and I can sort of see what they mean.  Hopefully this is a kick in the pants for the guy to get back to the roots of what made his channel great in the first place.  I respect him for owning his mistakes and trying to amend them.
small indie company cant fix a bug that has been around for too long that causes a legitimate effect on gameplay (blocking ADS) 😭
If you have mastered the mechanical sense of the game to the point you're outshining plats and diamonds regularly in dm.. i think you are severely lacking in the gamesense part of the competitive environment... Also luck plays a good role as well . But with these mechanics it shouldnt take you long to climb outta bronze ... Just bait team click heads... Try to be as impactful as possible, kills arent everything
1. 95% Mechanical skill vs 99% mechanical skill 
2. Communication
3. Consistency 
4. Free time. Lot of it.
5. is not toxic /doubtful/
Bot accounts to sell, since Valorant is a popular game many bot accounts will be high in demand.
I wouldn’t recommend playing Sage for too long, if you ever plan on playing with randoms. Sage players get back seated so hard and It’s even worse when It’s a woman playing… maybe try something with utility that helps you win fights, like Fade! She’s very fun and you get a feeling for corner depths on maps with her prowlers. 
Good luck and have fun!
I'm convinced there are 2 types of players on this game: functional humans and not functional humans. Most players are functional humans that will get toxic in rare occasions and can control themselves. Then we have the non functional humans, in this category fall all the throwers, cheaters, toxic from the get go, crybabies that ask for a surrender at round 2 and generally speaking all the mysoginistic, racist etc players. Of course kids are somewhat excused because they're indeed not functional humans yet but some of them really needs some parents, if i only dared say something even close to what they're saying i would probably be in a grave now. Adult non functional humans on the other hand are beyond salvation, if you're 25 and can't control yourself while playing a video game you're lost, the only thing you can do about those people is mute and forget about them, 30 min and you'll never see them again
Finally, I can now play a controller with a controller!
What console are you playing on? It’s smooth 120fps for me honestly.
“triple baby!” gotta be one of my faves. phoenix has a lot of good ones
('let us rotate' x 3) + everyone ignoring it = elo hell
They should let us place stationary or strafing bots in customs. This way we can practice headshot angles, optimal peeking and good crosshair placement at height difference
this is the answer
If you like lurk and play post plant I suggest killjoy. The molly and bot is built for lurking and lineup.
I also am like you and am coming back to the PC version to try it again a few days ago.

These games tend to attract more toxicity so you have to accept that. Once you accept that, don’t let them ruin your fun. Any form of toxicity = auto mute.

People who are toxic in casual modes are often compensating for issues IRL. Just ignore them and play the game. As long as you are trying to learn, who cares about what they think. Everyone has to start somewhere.
Really wish we got to see FNATIC vs PRX with their full roster (something). But hopefully we will see it at champs.
I'm, like, 80% sure this will get wound back or nerfed
My professional opinion? The cage has been teleported
Chamber mains finding out you can switch from the gun you’re holding to the headhunter
Tf2 players…
The guy whos mad "why are you so bad omg"

Me "idk man but your here for a reason too!"

The guy whos mad "i was X rank last season, you are inferior to me"

Me "the difference between you and I is that *i know* im bad. Your in denial because you peaked two seasons ago"

*loses his mind and begins throwing*

"Oh, THATS why your in my rank"

*gets even more mad, complains in all chat, enemy team laughs and reports him*
Lmao that's the best BM I've seen in a while
>Should I just stop filling anyway?

yes
It was a sick name. If the game was called something else, I'd be all for keeping it as is. It was just a search engine nightmare.
From my experience I think it happens a lot more on lower ranks the more u climb the less you see
1v1? Deadlock
That's a very detailed answer, thanks \^\^ !

It does sound like a wild west of a game lol. I kinda regret not having been here for it, not that I think it would have necessarily have been funnier, but because seeing the evolution from them to now in real time sounds exciting !
Surprised this isn't a more popular comment. The amount of complaints women make about the comms in this game would make me definitely recommend not letting your 13 year old child experience those things.
I know it may sound pessimistic, but complaining about harmful attitudes in FPS games is beating a dead horse, it's inevitable, sadly.

The OP's dissatisfaction is legitimate, but in the end everyone has to get used to it. But on the bright side, the reporting system is decent, at least in my experience. More than one player I reported for attitudes like this was penalized.
Top 5% of the playerbase is definitely high elo.
This looks really cool, but I imagine it doesn't take terrain into account, so you can absolutely get fucked by a random pole in the way or something right?
If we are getting technical, they can only write off the portion related to their business. They should keep track of streamed hours and all hours played. Then take a percentage portion of that to be able to write off skins, computer, internet etc. 

But no one does that and they fully deduct it.
A couple of things, 

1) pro play doesn’t = quality of character. Reyna is picked at every rank and does quite well, she is unoptimized at team play but she isn’t a bad agent as is. She is actually a little too good in solo q.

2) if Reyna is gone, smurfs and hackers would just pick raze or Jett.

3) I somewhat agree, see my thoughts at the end

4) instalocking isn’t bad. I would rather my team be a terrible comp but everyone is comfortable with their roles than have someone fill. For example, asking someone to play smokes for the first time will unironically make you lose games, poorly placed smokes can actually benefit the enemy a lot of the time. Get good at a role and stick with it if you want to rank up. If anyone complains about bad team comp, I always just assume they have bad mental to be micro managing solo q.

Final thoughts) I would be down if they buff her flash significantly and nerf her heal or dismiss. I don’t think a full rework is needed, but I do agree that her play style is anti-team work and therefore somewhat unhealthy for a team based game.
lmfao but yeah deadlock is very bad, she can’t really cover flank because u can just walk past her trips. Cypher is pretty op rn though.
the playercard can be found on chapter 5 free rewards btw
I’m good if they ask once or twice but anything more then that I flat out ignore them. Shit get annoying pretty same fast in my opinion
Skill issue, check your angles
Maybe. I meant more so lore wise as there are elements of gameplay that are questionably canon
Damn, I've been using my Samsung Smart Fridge this entire time.
wtf did I just read
All of them, she has no util and is just a shit agent over all, if you are good on Reyna you could be better on someone else, simple as that. Reyna isn't map specific as she has no real util other than eye which barely counts. Yes she is fun, and she is good for people with all aim no brain, but hell, just play Jett at that point and carry even harder cus Jett is just a better agent. Sincerely a 300 hour yoru player who hates my no util Reyna teammates and their inability to help the team with anything but GUN
It should look like the draw menu
Casual/low-ranked players don't deal well with fast-paced gameplay. It makes them uncomfortable, and rather than acknowledge that as a weakness of their own, they would rather blame the opponent.

Try playing any other agent as aggressively as you play Neon, and I'll bet you see the same nonsense.
Bruh your aim is insane man. Great work
wow valorant devs been trying hard lately and im here for it
Counterpoint: if my 2 teammates r swinging him(the dumb play) I’m gonna play percentage and swing w them(the dumb play but we do it as a team). unless it’s like 15 seconds left no time or something, in my experience the better play is to always do whatever your teammates r doing
Little red X on kill icon makes brain feel good. 
my ex girlfriend was iron 1 zero points

it was kinda crazy how mostly every game someone would drop 40+ kills and just destroy the lobby.

i felt so bad for her but she was playing on a laptop with no mousepad at like 30 fps with mega high sens.

she also walked everywhere no matter what. zero kills every game.

but she said it was fun. i could never understand how that was fun.
Hard to say. People shot me so they I can note that they have dropped me a skin or something else, or after wining a clucth or doing a ace like a way to say "mf nice job out there!". But it's not always like this.

While it's a very annoying experience, it's a totally normal (yes, unfortunately) behavior from people in competitive games. They will taunt you as soon as you disobey what they're telling you to do, and if you play in a different play style from theirs, if you are top or bottom fragging, etc., whether ranked or unranked match.

Now, if you did or didn't something, it doesn't matter. People flame you for no reason these days.

This is the reason why I left Dota and many other games. I mostly love watching tournaments. You have less bs like this. Honestly, I don't have the patience to deal with this anymore.

Good luck out there and be safe!
Iso shield
It's similar to how they named the Sniper Rifle the "Operator" so that it would get shortened to "Op" giving it the same name (when spoken) as the Sniper in CS.

Or how the Anti-Cheat is called "Vanguard Anti Cheat" so that when people spam "VAC" it technically refers to Vanguard and not \*VAC\*.

Or how the game refers to 1 player getting 5 kills as an Ace as opposed to a Penta-Kill.

Riot clearly put a lot of thought into which CS terms were going to get carried over to Valorant and tried to work those terms into the game in some capacity as opposed to trying to force new terms (which would be a losing battle). AWP, VAC, Ace, Dinked, Gushed, etc etc.
My friends were yelling in discord for some reason their audio isnt heard haha
It was actually inspired by that post lmao. I thought maybe if I asked a really obscure question I could get a canon answer from a dev lmao.
Lol anyone who thinks 28 is a grandpa spends way too much time on the internet...
Sunset, Lotus, Split, Pearl- Astra 

Haven, Ascent - Omen

Breeze, Icebox - Viper

Brim on Bind 

I’m A2 and this is what I play
Hey it's me radianite, I know you'll never buy me from the store cause I'm more overpriced than gas in Canada right now. But atleast I know I'm the only reason you actually buy the battlepass since the skins are almost as useless as the people who decided we need map rotations instead of letting us enjoy all valorant has to offer.
As a KJ main I have a secret recipe - outlaw + turret which works against full shields pretty good. This way I buy outlaw in full buy rounds in defense, light shield frags come as a bonus then. I think there is more uses for outlaw yet to be explored by the community.
Plus, some maps have those crazy annoying “unbreakable trips.”
My prediction is that it’s being added to deal with the light shields + rifle strat in pro play
It's so simple. Just add them back to swifts/unrated and keep rotate maps @ competitive every act.
Why do you blur the top part of the game? Makes no sense to me on why you would do that personally. Unless there are some rules on the Reddit page which I don’t think there are
so around 23 kills per hour, 23 kills per ~2 games... my stats dont do that lmaooo
Depends on the elo, lower Elo it can be a disadvantage due to the fact that the aim of the other player is generally not the best/not at head level and you may crouch right into a head shot. At higher Elo it’s the opposite because they will generally be aiming head level and you may duck under the shots
Hi, old guy here. Been playing CS since 2000 and Valorant since it dropped. 

I much prefer Valorant's community. Sure, some people rage occasionally, but I do love the fact this game doesn't have 35yo man children who literally holler and throw the game when they *think* they hear a foreign accent, while spewing racist and often-literally white-supremacist talking points.

In comparison, people get hot under the collar or throw an ego fit, but the desire to actually teamplay on the official matchmaking service is far, far improved compared to *that other experience*.
Thank you! I needed that. Unfortunately, I'm just jumping between Gold 3 and Plat 1. Tbh, their omen was good on this match, his tps were hard to read. He's literally owning me at the first few rounds until I start to predict his plays. He's even match mvp at the end. Idk why he threw and tp-ed so aggressively right in front of me XD
People disappoint me, and I’m a person.
mute, report, move on.

8/10 times you feeling the need to help a person, especially in this scenario, is just going to egg on those who are being assholes, full stop, simple as.
Deathmatch can be used to practice stuff, you just need to use it properly.
wingman is the actual agent. his passive ability is gekko.
RrEfrAShiNG
BARELY anyone, uses "unrated" to practice for comptitive.
so true
Lmao
But what if Sage dies? Oh wait there's Jett..
If you gotta go back and forth changing a map the map is probably trash.
confidence and dignity
Phantom is better on close ranged fights and maps because it also one taps when it’s closer. I would learn to use the phantom because it can win you so many fights that the vandal would struggle with
Broken af. Watch Riot nerf Sova or this map now.
Yeah terrible because in pro play when you have 5 people who live and breathe to play a strategy they built during off season Reyna is completely useless for the team. But for regular competitive she's strong to let players play confidently knowing their mistakes are forgiven whether it be overextending or taking too much damage.
I have never seen this screen in my 2 years of playing the game. I’m on IL server for reference.
Solid clip! I never use the Outlaw but that collat was especially cool
Aint no way they couldn't afford a 10+ dolar mic for Potter...
Something something rootkit

Something something Chinese malware
all scorelines, according to my solo q teammates
i bound mute team to a button. very very useful when i’m in a clutch situation.
Breach, he's the most util dump agent in the game and his flashes last eons
I like his kit cause it doesn't interact much, you just shoot things. I assume that's the point based off the character idc about util I'm just gonna swing and aim better. Which when I have no idea what's going but have decentish aim from CS works well for me.
Mute, instant mute, I don't waste braincells on such people
THEY’RE MAKING CYPHER 2: THE SEQUEL
literally unwatchable.
It cancels chamber’s which is absolutely hilarious. I pulled a chamber and he just looked at me with his classic. Wondering if you can do the same to Jett, raze, etc, anything with alternate weapon.
Yet reyna has top 3 win % in every rank, including radiant.
Astra used to have 5 stars, an almost instant gravity well ("suck"), and a stun with a delay. She was always very dependent on teamplay and communication, but being able to place a star on every chokepoint, as well as reinforcing a spot with an extra AND keep one for own use gave you freedom to play anywhere on the map and even play off of your utility yourself.

Then the nerfs hit. The most impactful one was removing one of her stars from 5 to 4. Now she has to be resourceful when placing stars. Her smokes also don't recharge, and at the same time, running fakes became pretty much impossible as they also increased the pulling back cooldown from 14 to 25 seconds.

Riot decided that there should be no reason realistically to run Astra over Omen, as they gave him many buffs and QoL updates, like increasing his smoke projectile speed to make it easier smoking on long distance maps like Haven and Lotus, which used to be Astra's strength.

Now more recently they made her strongest defending tool, the suck, weaker and harder to use. They upped the activation delay from .6 to 1.25 seconds, meaning you have to take a guess on when they are rushing out. Too early and they can just wait it out, too late and the whole team runs past it before it activates. Oh, did I mention they made the duration shorter as well from 2.75 seconds to 2 seconds?

In exchange they made the stun pop faster, from 1.25 to 1 second, but imo it's a net loss overall. She is very difficult to play well in an uncoordinated setting, and even then the reward isn't even that big compared to someone like Omen, who is more forgiving and simpler to play.
The "problem" part is you embarrasing them lmao, keep on making them cry
yes they create impact! That is a god kill because they have no way to break chokes since you killed jett. You need to have this mentality with the op. Find next angle. This always means repositioning and posting,
in this clip, you insta go to a and find a line. They most likely will go a since they saw op B and you can easily beat their timing. This is a game changer and creates free games where your teammates can’t lose rounds/games.
Only reason to plsy sage is her conmend coice command - "WONDERFUL" 😭
That was the joke friend
I’ve been playing clove for a hot minute, and honestly the only thing I see genuinely getting changed is the util cost. 500 creds for full util is *insanely* cheap.
I thought everyone learned from Siege that an ability like black beard will be impossible to balance in a one shot headshot FPS 

When ISO was first announced it was obvious he will either be awful or OP. Tough mechanic to balance
I was on your side until you said you
After 34 seconds tho?

Straight to the airport to learn the meaning of Love.
fights also start pretty much instantly because you start way closer to the enemy
Imagine have your team ACE'd by a drunk person fr lmao

I loved this clip haha
She simply isn't that popular. She is the hardest agent in the game imo, and requires lots of communication, game sense and timings to use well. Meanwhile you can use Omen for similar effectiveness at a fraction of the effort
Predicting whether they will wide swing, peek tight or shiftwalk is all down to experience and game sense. Usually if you hold really tight it's because you don't expect to be wide swung, like for example if you're holding an off angle or if you don't think the enemy expects you to hold that angle. Most of the time you hold a bit out from the angle to give yourself time to react, [this video from launders (cs)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfLgNu11EZA&ab_channel=launders) explains it well, it's from CS but it still applies in Valorant, although it's not as extreme due to the slower movement speed
Being a lady while gaming. 8/10 matches I’m muting someone or the whole team.
Also armor you carry over to next round in CS is good enough for next round. In Valorant when you lose more than 25 armor, it's practically useless. So staying alive in CS is a huge boost to economy
the fishing hook idea is really creative, but seems a little overpowered considering a defuse-deny/mobility ability makes it multifunctionally broken. 

the vase idea is also really creative, its should deal more dmg considering it cant be used to deny defuse but would be really good for site control/denying rushes
I think the prowler hitbox is bigger than the visuals; I think you can spray headshot level and still kill it right as it’s about to bite you.
Not sure tho.
1 viper molly really upsets me
A weirdo with a goofy ahhh shaved head who is just spending all of his time on computers.
I dunno what he does tho, that's too high-tech for me. All I know is that he has family issues
no better feeling than trip kills
You can take it once you kill him and run to his body.
No advice from me but you seem really stressed
Haven is generally considered one of Vipers worst maps as a solo controller. As a secondary controller, she's amazing, but that requires someone else to also play controller, which is very hard to find in ranked more often than not

That said, a good Viper main can def make her work on any map, Haven included, but it's not common. Which therefore requires more work from your team to get value off your util. Which is a concept most players don't want to deal with

Not saying you should play another controller on Haven, but you won't catch slack for playing Omen, Brim or even Astra on Haven ever. Harbor is also kinda troll too
being a fade one trick is one of the cooler one tricks
Omen in the lore doesn't seem to be limited by teleport distance. The lore and the gameplay are separate. So while in game all the agents are the same height, they are all clearly different heights in cinematics. It's the same with omen's teleport.
“If you guys would survive your first engagements with the enemy, maybe I’d have time to heal you.”
Diamond def. Maybe ascendent. Immo prolly not (but there are enough jett onetricks there that can only play their agent, but... they know how to play their agent)
it's true especially in low elo . you can compare two gold a duelist and a controller main , maximum time controller has better util and game sense knowledge than a instalock duelist.
I can see it actually. If you look at the video he's being shot from literally every side. It's not that he didn't notice, it's that he just didn't bother turning on OP because well he's kinda already busy with 2 completely 180° gunfights and just wants to kill someone
That'd be cancer if I ever saw a game mode. 

I'd totally play it.
Not an expert, but here's my take.

Well, higher DPI does make your mouse more responsive technically, but whether it is noticeable is arguable. If I remember correctly, at 400 DPI, one inch = 400 dots, while at 800 DPI, one inch = 800 dots. This means, the higher the DPI, the more "responsive" the mouse becomes, but can you notice that? However, high DPI also means less tunable sensitivity in-game.

Some mice also function better on certain DPI settings. I've seen on online reviews that some mice are more accurate at certain DPI, etc. But, everything considered, I'd use one that is also comfortable for desktop usage (not only gaming).
look at this fucking flex  


good job cowpoke!!
it’s not “standard” it was a CS thing where it made it easier to bunny hop, that’s all. it’s not hard to time your jumps with space bar in valorant compared to CS.
Players: "Increase the store slots"

Riot: "Did I hear increase stores?"
that wide swing on the jett is goated. idk why every time i wide swing i get one tapped
I'm a gold player, and surprisingly I don't get that many smurfs, only reason im hardstuck is skill. However, I spectate my friend who is in bronze very often, and it is absolutely terrible down there, smurfs every other game, and terrible teammates. And I say terrible teammates bc my friend has managed to get s tier tracker score in 90% of his games.
And odin is ( especially in low elo ) a good gun
The orb on spike is meant for when you need to spam defuse or molly the spike so the decay from the orb increases chance to kill. In this situation you get stuck in a corner so if it were me I would orb pillar and try to isolate the fights
"my friends pc blew up so because im here 3 other people suffer"
As an Australian I can confirm I hate ancient romans
i think the playercard is already the compensation xd
RGX Vandal, got pretty boring
Or make it so that there’s a short countdown before every queue. 2-3 seconds will do
Prob in Asc but even then it’s also a time of day thing, people stop comming late at night because we’re all kinda tired and usually don’t want to make too much noise.
If you’re not having fun, you don’t have to play
Turning away from a phoenix flash before he has any idea its coming.  The snap aim to the last enemy.  Hiding the names so we can't look up the match and see his tracker. 

Also, my experience with some cheaters is they like to pull off a round like this like once a game.  They do terrible all game, then when all hope is lost they just pull off the most insane play that even pros only achieve like 1 or 2 times in their career.  

Based off the score, his team is doing shit.  If this guy has this real skill then why are they so far behind?  Well... this wouldn't be too far fetched if he was playing in Radiant/High Immortal, but its most likely a low ELO game.  But we can't see that because he purposely hid the names in the match so we can't call it out.

Final note: Just because something is possible without cheats, doesn't prove that someone isn't cheating.  Yes, some crazy stuff happens legit in game.  But all the red flags are showing in this clip for me to be absolutely confident this is cheating.  I'd bet my next paycheck this is cheating.  I know you've been told by multiple 12 year olds that Valorant has the best anti-cheat on the market, but even if thats true, it isn't saying much.  Cheaters have been able to bypass Vanguard since launch, and continue to do so.
dude, mute them, don't let them ruin your enjoyment. especially if it's like just rude behavior. it's not worth it to spend energy for it.
We have a lot more experience bullying than they do. Beat them at their own game
Tarik was boosting Nadeshot not long time ago on stream using smurf account. Also he played with bunch or content creators in diamond also on smurf account and nobody cared. Tenz had low immo account and duo Kyedae bunch of games, amd everyone praised him for being great at the game while blatantly smurfing. Kaemi got boosted to radiant by tonka using alt account in low immo to get trash lobbies and boost him. Woohojin shared his main account to someone to get boosted to radiant from immo which is against the rules, he even admitted this and he didn’t get banned. Temet was boosting sagemommy in diamond on alt (as rad player). Everyone is getting boosted/smurfing even live on stream and if Riot really cared they will ban them cuz those accounts that they use are accounts shared between few people which is against TOS.
If you're gekko on bind, they hav planted default on a (I mean the place on short not sure if that's default) you can right click wingman to diffuse at the same time ur entering the teleporter and wingman will tp too and start running to the spike alone. Just make noise on b so they think ur saving or something and pray they don't see wingman. Doesn't always work but it's a neat little trick
Iron strats = missing shots
IRL FLASH DODGE = INSTA RR GAIN
i disagree. yorus kit is hard to use but very rewarding if used correctly. its all abt tricking the enemy, and that takes a lot of skill
oh yeah, as an example, look at minecraft. plenty of ppl who have no issues hearing uses subtitles for an advantage. thats just one small example i could quickly think of where the addition to help the impaired changes it for everyone involved, and if ur not using the setting to help the hearing impaired, ur at a disadvantage.
Well he did say he’s got no proof and he should be called immortal player so I guess we just ignore that he said that
Soooo stupid. What’s happened to me is the person never came back and then the other duo left as well. Thanks for giving us a 3v5 fucking losers
Tell the girl to mute them, mute them yourself and just report them
That's cause Gekko's pets and the bear are both related to Kingdom' project Landfall. The bears creation was rushed when Gekko stole the first 4 pets. I'm sure we remember the home screen where Gekko escapes and skateboards away with wingman and the gang from a kingdom plant, that's referencing their origin.
thank you!
Afk check botting check sabotaging the team check and report since all if it is in fact true
Imm3 - the bottom of radiant: Realistically not alot

Imm3 - top of radiant: 4-5+ ranks worth of RR apart.

> how do I try to push for radiant?

You need exponentially more play time. 120 games isnt much in the grand scheme of things, especially at sub 50% WR. 

Essentially you need to be grinding every moment not sleeping or working/studying. Its very likely that when you do eventually hit rad, even taking a single day off will have you back in imm3 as the leaderboard grind never slows down.
No joke, I think the reason is that without the aimlabs minigame Iso would be the least interesting agent in Valo by a mile so they have to keep it
Will suck your soul out for 50 hp
The fact that they remove any maps from comp or any mode is absurd. We are not pros, let us play all the maps
lmao fair
This is me but with the dragon guns
I am dogshit at icebox
Honestly just call it Entry instead of Duelist and it would change a lot of peoples views on the role tbh
Just googled mine. Seems I’m not even close to the first person who thought of that. I’m sad now.
Next time use your ult when you see them hiding inside. And then proceed to knife them🤌
Sage 🗿
I didn’t know walking existed so I crouched everywhere
It's like them using a Norwegian for Breach. My Swedish friends had some severe uncanny valley moment when they heard him talk. "No!! We don't sound like that, do we?!??!"
"you should arrow yourself, NOW"
Apparently his dad played Quake and he taught his sons to use right click to move :D
Jett is not better than raze they are both at basically the same level, only thing you said wrong is about OPijg, raze satchel is not good for dismissing after shooting
bad internet   
bad ch placement  
expecting multiple people to peak you but you stand next to pillar with no way to unpeak  
spray and pray

no smoke

decent teleport

looks like silver
 i have met some very nice women and some very veryy toxic women.  Same with men though its just human nature
Anyyhing thats 1 charge and already meta just gets twice as much value as before. Skye clears insane space with double dog. Sova and fade can reveal basically all of any site. Jett gets 2 get out of jail free cards or can use one aggressively and the other defensively. Kj is completely unflankable and completely shuts down half of any map or both sites with a weaker mid. Viper can force a shit tonne of pressure on multiple spots
"is there a lore reason brimstone can smoke through ceilings?

is he stupid?"

type shit
small indie company barely surviving please understand
This happened yesterday. I have a habit of making my agent reply to any dialogues which refer to me, and this happened with Raze's line. I do not know whether this is a new feature, or just a weird coincidence where I made chamber say no at the same time he was already supposed to.
yeah i truly don't understand why they locked the map pool for swift play :(
No. There are 4 ticks of damage afaik
Not a lot of people on omen realize that a TP over a cypher trip/through deadlock until can be good
I dont think any sentinel might die out including chamber and cypher.if what the devs said was true cypher will be the only sentinel with global trips which I is quite good on large maps like breeze when breeze is back in queue and chamber will probably have a resurgence on bind due to how small the map is with plenty of good tp positions.
I've peaked immortal 2 in the first 3 episodes. Then didn't play for 2 years. That and the combination of ascendant being added, redistribution of ranks, etc. 

I've had a hell of a time getting out of diamond and can only peak ascendant 1 now. 

Players have gotten better over time, I'm old, (40), and of course newer players will appear every year.
That Jett needs to let go of his push to talk button my gosh, glad you didn’t get bothered by it and was able to clutch, good clip.
This happened to me last night! except it was the entire team while i was solo queueing on oregon servers. I got back on today (like 12h later) and the servers still seem to look messed up. 100+ms on all servers when it happened last night & 68ms oregon still today. My normal is 15ms. no idea what's going on
and that aggressive "NO" from sage
Pure evil, you lot are.
Silver crouch spray. Also if you had dashed back to site they would’ve seen you dash because your smoke didn’t cover B main. Yet they fell for it lmao
bro did some digging no way
Yep it’s like the polar opposite of the deep-voiced instalock Reyna in a bronze lobby
Shots 1-5: Clearly missed.
Shots 6-9: Missed due to recoil (bad spray control).
Shots 10-11: Very close, but recoil and inaccuracy make these reasonable misses.
Shot 12: Likely didn't actually fire because Hiko was already dead.
how is that even possible
so many people would be thrown into the spike explosion
Unrated is correct, swiftplay is the error
If it took you a year to go from iron to immortal, it'll take you a year from immo to radiant. The gap is that big
Every form of monetization in this game is designed the way it is on purpose. If they were truly missing out on an opportunity to make money, they would change it.
Why would you pick Clove? Omen can smoke from the other side of the map but Clove can't. Harbor wall is so big it might even cover a whole site from like the mid of the map
That's a fucking r/Valorant question right there. None of that pansy ass dick tugging "why can't i rank up?" bullshit. Men puke, men poop on highlight clips, men deliver their new born baby while arguing with random Silvers. Fucking hard core dick in the ass butterball r/Valorant fuck it chuck it question shit. Take it to the subreddit. Replies get shoved in places you don’t even remember. We find Jinggg's hamster and we celebrate together. r/Valorant is back baby.
Clean
Because they've clearly put all the money we give them into valorant mobile. I mean seriously have you seen the features in that game? If half of them were moved to PC we'd lose our minds.
Are you getting those probabilities from assuming that every match is a 50/50 for who wins?
There's a certain point where you just have to mute them and forget they exist
Im in EU but played in Asia before going to EU. The way they play is vastly different in terms of habits. EU players tend to play more coordinated and disciplined whereas Asia players are more aggressive and love to peek angles. An Asia player is highly likely to repeek an angle with OP than an EU player. Both regions can aim in a way that can compensate their habits. Thats why you see Asia players will do weird shit and it works. The major problem in Asia rank games is that there are barely any comms there. I have met like 1 or 2 guys comming within 10 or so games i have played. P.S. this is talking from my experience playing in both Asia and EU, experience might differe from other people. 

TL:DR play more and adapt to the new environment, you should be fine after a couple more weeks.
wait until you see ruyi staff
Yall are not using the same sheriff that I am
Controllers.

You learn about the maps faster, u get used to looking at the mini map to understand what's going on in places u can't directly see.

You learn about molly trajectories, being conscious of your teammates locations and understanding the importance of following with, supporting and trading your team.

You have way more uh..control over your own surroundings, ie cheeky smoke hiding spots, one ways etc
She just won the GC championship and in her interview when asked about breaking the kill record and winning her only reply was that it was cool
its not a massive when you started playing since august last year, took me around 1000 hours of gameplay to reach it
when you join a 5 stack
Riot will just continue to nerf her until she’s quite literally un-pickable in ranked but a niche double controller pick in the pro scene, they don’t know what they want to do with any of the controllers
Not forever, but for a long time
Play afew single player story games to get used to mnk controls or tough it out with valorant you'll eventually develop muscle memory
If Valorant makes someone suicidal, that is not the game.
Then there's my last Phoenix, blud did NOT know how to aim a gun, couldn't kill someone in barrel-stuff range with shorty
Nah, I left iron years
do powerpoint,word,excell etc xd
kinda like in football where it's always the offensive players or any other team sport really...
My head-canon has always been that helmets wouldn't really do much against some of the weapons used in the Valorant universe. For example, I'm assuming that KAY/0's toaster head is most likely made of some of the strongest material around given that he's a Kingdom-made killing machine. And the weapons in the game (mainly talking about the Vandal and Sheriff) can penetrate right through it with ease.

Not to mention helmets would significantly hinder many of the agents, especially movement-based ones like Jett and Neon. They also might choose not to because of the fact that they can decently easily be healed by Sage & Skye, even fully revived from dead by Sage, so getting injured doesn't seem to be their biggest concern.

And for the armor question I just guess that everyone's clothes are lined with that bullet-proof fiber cloth stuff from John Wick Chapter 2.
She’s silver LMAO
It’s a bug. I would imagine that what SHOULD happen is if you ult before he TPs, you grab him, and if you ult late, then you miss. But currently it just deletes him lmao
It's frustrating because most of the maps in the game aren't that bad, but people just refuse to either experiment with maps or get off their main that's causing them to have bad games on those maps to begin with.
Levels determine nothing I have mates at lvl 300 at bronze rank it’s fine boss unrated has everyone just give it some time
I hope monyet gets more opportunities moving forward, wherever it has to be.
Yeah soloQ is a joke, its smart not to give a fuck about it. Cant think of a bigger waste of time than trying to rank up in this game soloQ lol
Because they wanted to reach iron 1
Cs has not been able to teach that to their players in over a decade, why would valorant be able to.
“Immediately overreact”

Just like you did, without playing her.
They all are.. in immortal lobbies it’s common for people to callout who’s on a site just based on footstep type
Probably sage for most people. Imagine being able to bring anyone back to life. You just have to commit murder a bit
You can always focus on improvement in the time you do play. Not necessarily pure RR, but just on quality decision making and getting better gradually. But there’s no reason to make yourself play if that doesn’t interest you - just don’t turn to smurfing.
Woah! Pocket operator? But befter than marshal?
Just give us Haven back and the world will be a better place bro 😩😭
Jeez...

They're getting more and more extreme by the second, if you're (not OP, but in general) smurfing, atleast try to hide it a little bit. -_-

60 kils is just not even close to believable.
best investment I've ever made
Yeah. I've just learnt to say no if they start skin begging from literally round 1. And whatever happens, happens. I'll however give skins if it's someone a couple rounds in and they've been nice. They don't even need to play well, but if they're nice and don't start begging first second into the game, I have no problem.
I just hit them with "We're all in the same elo".
It was designed to be as such. There's a reason why the big sniper is called the Operator.
before i would have said Viper on Pearl (RIP) i had a 70+ winrate playing it, now probably cypher on split
Chamber is expensive but he makes up for it with the ult you can save and still have an op
Example:yesterday I got an ace from a save round with a Bucky and chamber op
Hi cypher
I also have a poor experience with them. It was mostly the favoritism among the management/leadership that led to a cult-like environment and a varying degree of unmanaged ego. This is my option of them from like.. 2 years ago, so who knows how they are now. 

I've personally found that just adding cool people you play with to a server works out well, regardless of gender. I'm in a server of about 100 people that I hop into vc almost every day to hang out. We do purges every Halloween for those who are inactive or don't engage. There are bound to be disagreements between so many personalities that sometimes need mediators, but I've only had to ban two people from the server in a 2-3 year time. One who was being abusive and one who was sexually harassing a member.

Either way, making a safe space for your community ain't a bad thing!
Phantom in general is too easy to spray, you almost do it by Nature everytime but the sound of the reaver phantom breaks this habit.

Yes for an omen main it's amazing.
I figured this is what console Valorant looked like.  Controller is so difficult
What region do you play in? Your account is very new for the rank you're in so if you are not smurfing then you're doing fine. You just need to play more games.
Yeah, if i hear 0.1 second of a metal tube dropping, you lose your voice comms privileges immediately.
True. But i don't get why omen didn't isolate the reyna fight while sage was reviving, good clip but got lucky reyna whiffed.
You could say that about many other agent abilities, lineups, this doesnt seem any harder to play around than others
I don't know about you, but almost every day I log in I get a report feedback from Riot.  I'm actually surprised how many I get that at least something is being done.  Sometimes it'll literally be right after the game is over.
Good survey. The question about are you aware of gender diverse streamers felt poorly worded because it was assuming that if you know streamers then you must know ones who are gender diverse. Felt like it shouldve been 2 questions if that makes sense or instead have an extra option for yes and aware of gender diverse streamers and yes and not aware of gender diverse streamers.
I hit gold soloqing as well from Iron, the abundance of smurfs especially in silver unironically helped me improve
I play in SG server and never see them also. I guess it's a very NA/EU thing
Dude that's sooo sweet and cool, lesssgooooo. Happy birthday.
In Radiant Iso had 45% winrate last act. This act right now it's at 53%. 2nd highest. That means that after 1.5 months of 43% winrate average he climbed up to 53% in 1 week. He must be at at least 60% winrate in the last week.

The ult is literally the best ult in the game now. Starting a round 4v5 because your teammate had to face a shielded Iso is insane.
If it's not extremely blatant it's not usually that big of an issue. Idk if it's just me but idc if the guy who's "throwing" is only buying a sheriff and shift-walking around the map, that's pretty much what the dude who's having the worst day on your team would be doing anyways. 

It's the blatant people like in the OP that make the game nearly unplayable, grabbing spike immediately on spawn and staying in spawn with it for the whole round, following you around and making noise so enemies know where you are, all chatting important info to the enemy team. 

From my experience, these people get banned 100% of the time. The point of the OP is that banning them after the fact is not enough, there should be a way to reclaim 30 minutes of the rest of the 9 peoples' lives
2023 champ Vandal seems decent for me.
If I never see breeze or icebox again after this season, it will be to soon
Definitely one of the best events in terms of the crowd. Congrats fnatic!
highly temporary wallhacks and dogs with less health than a housefly
It's probably a technical reason like it fucks up the hitbox or something
Smurfing/griefing/toxicity have ruined this game for me. I couldn't stand wasting 30-45 minutes of my time anymore so I stopped.
And the worst part about silver is that rn it's only plats and golds or people who don't know how to play the game.
I’m diamond, I would never let go 4. But I didn’t notice tho…now im even more confused? Bc why it would it pop up if I was dead??? But also, I’m 100% sure I would never let go of 4 until I get a won…soooo hmmm
ugh and the whispering just adds to it. 

“i’m in your head”
“who are you? WHAT DO U WANT??”
All of the initiators are viable/good agents. He sees pro play on some maps, usually in double-initiator comps. He's not super common as a solo initiator, though. 

He's the opposite of sova/fade who are all information. Gekko and Skye have a balance of flashes and info. Kay/o is mostly flashes but his knife does give info. Breach has good stuns/flashes and lots of them, but he doesn't have any information-gathering abilities. 

And in ranked/casual modes, you can't rely on having a teammate who picks an agent that compliment the agent you like to play, so people will often learn and play agents who are more self-sufficient instead.

A more extreme example of this is viper. She is super strong as a second controller and gets tons of play in pro (she's had the highest pick rate of all the agents). Meanwhile (even before the most recent nerf), she sees far less play in ranked/casual outside of her best maps like Breeze and Icebox.
Used to watch him religiously, don't anymore. His coaching became more mean-spirited and less applicable. 

He often goes on long tangents that aren't applicable to someone's elo, and I've noticed more and more times where he says something wrong. 

There was a recent Ascendant 3 killjoy vod on lotus where he went on for like 10 minutes about how the player should jump up on a box and fight, when that just was obviously not the right call. As someone who has analyzed ~100 of hours of radiant killjoy lotus, that's not something that you do or ever see. 

I will say his early stuff was hugely helpful to me when thinking about how to study and apply that knowledge. Coming from CS I found it really hard to review my games without a replay system, but he kinda laid out a template for that which I really appreciated. 

I think he just kinda stopped being comfortable saying "I don't know", which leads to him over explaining and justifying/defending points he came up with on the spot with no actual backing.
*As ISO, the OPgoat, fought Judgekuna, the king of Frauds, he began to open his domain. Judgekuna shrunk back in fear then ISO said, “Stand proud Fraudkuna, you are strong”*
Foreskin vandal
sadly i will never read "reyna removed from the game" in patch notes
your ❌

you're ❌

yoru ✅
Sova players are playing a different game I swear
She could’ve been cautious without being rude and commenting on his voice and making it about her, especially if OP was just comming. Simply mute and go about the game.
I’m 28 and people on this game call me grandpa. If you’re 14 and under you’re a squeaker, if you’re 23+ you’re old
I know every case is different but, talking from my own experience, it takes a lot of time to develop these emotions. Could be personal problems, even from years ago.
It is just a buy lol, ask pros or analysts, they only call it a force when it’s lose pistol, not win.
Nothing on this weird loading screen bug before matches? A ton of my matches the last two days has people not being able to load in until the first round is almost done
What exactly makes you so angry? What ability used how? The game is really quite well balanced atm, except for like 1 outlier that's getting nerfed next patch.
Hello, I am Fnatic, please delete this. We want to use at a major.
Thought I'd regret getting the Recon Phantom before because of it's lack of a finisher but honestly, no Phantom skin has come close to how it feels
Does it have a weakness when first placed and how many bullets with a vandal are we talking?
One time our reyna got 4 and someone killed the last guy, reyna then said to all chat ”no ace, bye bye” and left

Embarrassing
Odin go brrrrr
I believe that the new thing of a 7k will be there now and really difficult obviously as clove can self revive and sage can also revive clove if needed 

Imagine dying 3 times in a single round
You don’t. He has legitimate concerns, and the decision is ultimately up to him. You can give him all the info available regarding what the anticheat actually does, so he is able to make an educated decision.
Long range sheriff does 145 if you didnt know
I don’t understand it. Everything seems to be bugging this patch and the most basic shit isn’t working properly. I’m so sick of the random changes that no one asks for, all it does is fuck around with the game. Give us what we ask for or nothing at all
LETS GOOO
"Local Florida boy throws animal embryos at random people - Colored, 2020"
It wasn't though. The map turned so extremely defensive sided around A with cave also being closed off. It was essentially play mid control or hit B every round, which is why they opened it back up.
Best clip in 3 years, hands down everyone!!!(especially the start)
From a Controller Main:

- For the love of God, when your team is defusing do NOT smoke off main or peek angles. Always smoke the spike. Don't smoke off the remaining enemies. This allows your defuser to be hidden inside the smoke but it also allows your remaining teammates to kill the enemy when they peek to spam the defuser. 

- Please learn to smoke Ascent A Heaven properly. If it's not smoked properly it's just best to leave it unsmoked. Bad smokes hanging over the side or front of it allows you to get peeked from multiple angles, allows the peekers to peek out, get a kill and use your smoke for cover, allows them to drop down from Heaven onto the site, or blocks hell and your teammates never end up clearing hell. So now you have uncleared defenders on site. 

- Early in the match use a shorty or a shotgun and sit in your smoke at least once. You have to make the enemies respect your smokes or they'll just push out of them. You need them to think you could be in there with a judge. 

- On defense, throw smokes where the attackers have to peek first. The further out you stall them and make them use util the better. Example on Bind B long. Smoke B long at the opening peek, not where the orb is. By doing this you deny them a lot of map control for B long. Now they have to wait for the smoke to disappear or they have to use a dog, flash, blind or other util to get through the smoke. This is less util they have to use to take the actual site with.  

- If your teammates get hit with a Gekko or KJ ult, smoke them off. Try to give them a few seconds of survivability so that they can get back into the fight. 

- Sometimes I'll leave gaps in my smokes while playing defense and catch people off guard. I've gotten a lot of kills this way. Just don't do it unless you tell your teammates that there is a gap in the smoke. I usually just do it for me because I know how the smoke is set up.

- If you throw a bad smoke, let your teammates know "bad smoke B main". Give them a heads up.
Watching this makes me feel like im radiant
Just a guess, but you have more of the after-school/after-work crowd who are going into the game to get away from their day and may be unloading their personal stress and frustration onto their anonymous teammates.  Mind you some of these players are loading into Valo later during the day but their is a larger proportion at this time.  


Over time people either mellow out or if they are continually aggravated then they likely will have put the game down to do something else.  By the time you reach late night what remains is the people who are still enjoying the game and wanting to play it.
Reaver Vabdal
"alright team get ready to go in and groom them!"
We can invite Hiko
well either your teammates are carrying you or your enemies are horrible. And it also depends on your role and how much of an effect you have on the game. KDA isnt everything. This isn’t cod. Using util, giving helpful comms to teammates and overall just playing for your team is pertinent in Val. As long as you do that, I assure you, you will improve. Aim isn’t as hard to train as game sense.
If I see someone with the “100%” title then I’m gonna be scared shitless since their luck is immeasurable and they’re probably just as lucky with their headshots.
The difference in total rounds when the game ends.

You gain more RR if you win 13-0 than if you win 13-11
League of Legends x Valorant 

Raze ult turns into a Jinx rocket 🚀 
And Iso turns into Mordekaiser (:
The unspoken rule is you don’t give your account to anyone, friends or not.
There's some sorta issue with their payment system, just redeemed a gift card and didn't get any VP.
I couldn't agree more. Normally people assume that playing vs long range opponents is hard. I don't mind that at all. The flashes kill me.
Honestly, Reyna - no thinking about util just click head. With most of the other agents it's directly possible to lose a round because of util misuse or wrong decision making
ideally you want your smokes surviving the execute, which is harder when they have to plant. in most cases i’d rather have my initiator, or myself if i’m initiator, plant the spike as their utility is mostly useful for getting onto the site, plus their ults are huge to have as many times as you can per game
Ascent is the worst at this, there's around 4 spots like this around the map
I just wish some the more 4fun modes didnt have map pool restrictions. 

I dont see why Spike Rush and Escalation have to be restricted to the comp map pool.
Thank god someone understands
Thing is that this bug is so specific that Riot would almost never find the bug through playtesting. Due to that some bugs are up to the community to report and find. Just because a bug goes unnoticed doesn't give you the right to abuse it
Think like this , if there is iron rank someone might deserve that. So for a beginners iron should be their first game so yes you are at perfect place
Usually people do that to "play for picks", meaning if somebody gets a kill at A, everyone goes to A and plant, same goes with B, C, or even Mid.

It has some other benefits, as you said, it kinda "confuses the enemy", however i'd say that applies for lower ranks only.

Other good use of this, if defenders likes to push and flank you every round for some reason. With a good split, you can just wait for 1 or 2 kills at a corner, and then take  site in more easily. It's basically a punishment for defenders for their pushing.
Not only that! They are incredibly fast at answering tickets related to reporting other players or discussing own penalties! 

I must say, they do a very good job.
Putting 2 and 2 together is a logical thing. People are toxic for emotional reasons, so logic goes out the window
Those shots be smooth for a bronze player
https://playvalorant.com/en-us/news/dev/ask-valorant-feb-11/

>Would you consider reducing the Agent selection time for Spike Rush? A short mode feels like it should have a short start time.

>We saw this discussion bubble up in some places, but to put it plainly, we're happy with player satisfaction and play time for Spike Rush, so we’re going to leave the Agent select time as is, for now. FWIW, a shorter Agent select window might result in significantly more dodges, which may (at a macro scale) actually increase the length of the mode for all of you. Also worth noting that the current time is to help account for different load-in times per player.

The question was for Spike Rush, but I feel like it fits in this situation.
Top 5 widow skills definitely going to help with aim. Reminds me of Kaemi, a youtuber that got to immortal by only using the marshal.
Nothing beats " G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-GGive me a corpse!"
g-g-g-g-g-gimmme a corpse
This issue got raised to the team yesterday, working on a fix for it now!
Yeah maybe Riot doesn’t even have the lore figured out for agent 8 yet. I guess there’ll be some bombshell lore drop that we’ll see in the movie or something
Please continue to push b main -killjoy player
Stairs door makes A site a little easier to retake for defenders. Could be something to consider though.
Yea, good call lol
Lets be real, unless you're the oping jett or chamber you aint having fun. Imagine needing a drone or recon for every angle lol.
What do you think one deag means?
Throwback to when she had 6 pt ult, more hp and cheaper dog and 3 flashes, and she wasnt even played
To be in silver? No, not at all. At least not more than you gather from just playing the game. There are plenty of videos where people have reached Diamond+ on "zero util" runs where they just shoot.
I don't get what you're trying to say here since zt0l uses the Odin's ADS all the time. There's obviously a time and place for everything, similar to how you should be using the Vandal's non-ADS in a majority of circumstances. If you're never using the Odin's ADS you are trolling yourself.
Correct! It’s molten lava.
You have to try them out somewhere. I do get a little annoyed if someone is in my comp team trying out a new agent. So start in swift play or even spike rush.
If Haven returns, C trip will be godly too haha
Even if jett is less effective than her maximum potential on some maps, she is so much more valuable than reyna (who provides almost zero team value) that jett is a better answer
I mean aren’t everyone has the same advantage here? What is the fuzz
So players can familiarize into the new map.
They want you to throw your Phoenix moly to heal them.
Riot doesn’t care about toxic voice and text comms unless it is in English. 

In English a word like retard or brain dead will get banned, but if you use any other language? You can say the worst thing ever and won’t get even a warning. 

Source : This video, Singapore server, Hongkong server, Mumbai server, Bahrain server. :)
Would it tho? In pro play they almost always seem to save the orb for critical moments where they can pull aggressive lineups on attack or retakes in pretty much un recoverable spots
I want to be happy
Even Omens smoke has a max range. Not entirely global, especially on the big maps like breeze, icebox, haven.
Aspas is by far the best no debating that. And he's stayed unbelievably consistent his entire career, and it's scary to think that he's still elevating and getting better.

I don't believe he has a team that could take it all the way like he did in Loud, but if he can continue to smurf like he did in the Sen series, we might have a competition in NA.
<!we're all gold 2!>
W take, actually the fade player has to play aggressively, with a similar pace to a duelist. 
zt0l does this to perfection.
Say “no
I think he meant those overly scared players that will save on pistol if they get the chance.
you can aim for the head for more damage.
BLOODSPLOSION
Kayo was built to defeat stronger versions of the current radiants, and did just that in the future. So he’s definitely the strongest
"my gf is playing with me be nice to her" moment
"We still have plenty in store for the last Act"

Ah, yes, plenty in store. This update had 2 agent nerfs, 5 bugfixes and a new season of premier.

So much new content.
it refers to the youtuber Grim, who puts sage walls. No idea why they're mixing up Viper and Sage walls
This mf sprays through smoke by 1 tapping two people
Bad players will always gravitate towards easy, selfish agents so logically reyna will always have the most bad players bc she’s the easiest
I thought it was some Mandela effect that I imagined our hp used to be red. I hate the white colours because red meant HIDE YOURE ONE SHOT and the white just makes me think I still have 150hp when it turns out I'm at like 27 from the corner of my eye
Show them a picture of omen and say these are the people you are shooting
Oh I'm well aware (as an ow frog myself) but sometimes it's necessary or there is limited counterplay
Fr I’m probably never spending money on this game
2 bullets! I couldn't believe it either
I got my alt to diamond 2 and I went back to my plat 1 main and I couldn't hit a shot 🥲
So true, I've seen so many gold players who could easily be 3 divisions higher if they just let their finger go off the push to talk button before screaming at teammates.
my wallet…. it can’t handle it anymore Riot 😰
You have to wait for them to get manual banned , cheats can't always get detected by vangaurd.
The point is to practice a method that is harder than what you actually do in a game to force yourself to grow outside of your comfort zone.  It's primarily for people who don't take time to aim AT ALL and just flick because they don't recognize how long they actually have to aim.
Nothing much to say:

1: Reyna is wrong.

2: It‘s your and only your decision when it comes to spending money.

3: We hate smurfs.
>a instant rotation tool that lasts way too long

Reminds me of pre-nerf Chamber
Guess we dont have to ask why the clip ends at 4k
Ignore everyone saying Reyna, she teaches poor positioning. The answer is definitely Iso. He's just raw gunfights with no movement ability.
7k? How need sage to res someone at the start of round then collecting all ulti points then killing 4 guys + 1 got revived from opposite side then plant spike to get an ulti to revive one then you get a chance to get 7k?
(All) You: -145

That's usually enough to trigger fight or flight in that enemy lol
There are so few maps in this game. I don't understand why they aren't all in rotation all the time.
i mean you pick one of the worst sentinels and even one of the worst agents to main and then think because a character is better it needs a nerf? no shit cypher is stronger than deadlock so is 95% of the agents
And always buy after winning pistol round
No skin can save me
Lotus is pain
My brother in Christ you're supposed to be watching cameras 99% of the playtime what frags r u talking about
Mf speedran the tutorial.
100%. If someone else is being a sore winner, that doesn’t mean you can’t still have good sportsmanship
on god stop worrying about other ppls rank just worry about how you're playing
Spamming n word in chat with a text generated chat so it got passed the censor
So maybe with map changes the rates will also change and phantom doesn’t need a buff
This. People can create conspiracies all they want, but it is clear they just focus on things that turns direct revenue to them from the casual player base, while keeping hoigh level pro players happy enough. Replay system falls in the middle of that, so it is not a huge priority.
THEY REMOVED BE QUIET
Because the enemy team wins more rounds than I do
Comment section is full of low elo replies. Ffs, Deadlock's trap IS NOT FOR WATCHING FLANKS. It can easily be bypassed why slow walking. The traps should be placed at the site entrance where the enemies will enter from when retaking.

Deadlock is not a sentinel to watch for flanks. If you want someone to watch flanks, get chamber/cypher/killjoy. Not sage or deadlock.
You can still be evil and believe that what you're doing is good
Nice ace
It's because a lot of streamers of pro players didn't grow up with the intention of entertaining viewers... add to that the high potential for social isolation when playing a game for the purpose of becoming the best at it means they're not going to be super charming to be around.

Not saying there aren't sociable and charming streamers who are at (or near) the top, just that the odds are stacked against them. As mentioned in the thread, Tarik has a lively personality and he was a top CS player.
I'm actually curious what rank. This feels like a higher rank issue. I've personally had no problems with him so far (high gold-low plat) but I'm not exactly a high rank lol.
if you keep practicing healthy gunfight mechanics you will eventually peak way higher than them. Its natural to get worse at the game while being in a transitional phase. All the new knowledge is very fresh and you have to think about it constantly. After it becomes second nature your rank will skyrocket. 

  
If you're bad at something that you see high rank players doing, the solution is not to avoid it but to do it as much as possible.
No even close Araxys clears this so easily
I'm not talking about comp diversity. 
It's 90% hold B with Cypher set up, retake A. 
And the B main plant is so dumb because the best play is to smoke yourself off and spam the defuse.
They care about the win more than aim practice.

Those are the people that post “I do well deathmatch, but I suck in ranked. What am I doing wrong?”
I wish my classic did that …


Don’t say skill issue :/
This really should be a stickied post on this subreddit. Every new Episode there is a hard reset which throws you back about 2 whole ranks regardless of your placement performance (for the most part). 

This reset is all about hidden mmr. Which means when starting you will probably receive 25+ rr for wins and 15 for losses. It will balance itself out with enough games. This incentives you to play more which is what Riot wants.

The frustration comes from the grind part. I for example ended the last 3 Episodes in Ascendant. But I play most of the time in Diamond because I don't play enough games to rank up fast. So what happens is, I play two acts just to get back to my actual rank. 

It's how the game works and to make sure you actually deserve the rank you have, which includes dropping back boosted players and inactive players.
Gekko's ult made me lunatic
Luxe gets my vote for the worst
This is the only correct response. Flicks have to be split into two motions: a big and fast initial flick followed by a slow and precise micro adjustment. If you are doing it any other way then it is wrong and you will lack consistency.
he didnt ask what my rank was. he asked what rank is this and it is affected by who i queue with. im asc and if i queue with a diamond friend we are getting diamond lobbies.
Glad you're enjoying it otherwise - sorry you ran into some ugliness there!
Bucky.  
Let me explain. 

I'm an Omen main,so on ecos i buy bucky and play close and around my smokes.  
It gets a billion times more value than a sheriff. ( Especially if you are under immortal sheriff is like very expensive for 800 ).
It certainly feels good when you're good at it but I think just like in CSGO, more people should think about their use of it instead of just defaulting to throwing down 800 for it.

If you have impeccable aim/crosshair placement? Sure. If you don't have at least a X% chance of getting a kill with it? I'd reconsider. Most of the time when I see people buying it, they fail to get a single kill with it, but then again I've largely played in the silver to plat ranks.
There's a crosshair code out there that has two crosshairs side by side, maybe turn down the opacity on the left one? 

Otherwise, just turn mouse accel on.
Im pretty sure you are never meant to stand still. At least that's what woohoojin teacht me
A masterpiece
It depends, if you have a gecko they take spike no questions, initiators that use almost all of there util on the initial hit should controllers that don’t lurk should and maybe cypher or a sentinel if they can stay in range of trip and aren’t lurking
Fuck that, aces are earned. I'm also not obligated to keep track of everyone's kill count in the heat of battle. I'm not even looking at kill feed a lot of times if I an busy.
You sure must see a lot of irons
Dude I was thinking the same thing lol
People who learn lineups tend to rely on them ALOT. You’re running away from the fight, saying “it’s okay if you die and lose your gun, I have lineups!” When it’s almost always safer to just play with your teammates. 

Lineups are great as a situational tool. But they’re really bad as a “go-to”.
ik for a fact this won't work in radiant because they just run through the cage
I love hearing that one because it's always followed up by a comedic scene of our whole team turning our backs and running the fuck out of there
it's not a real replay system, it's basically just Outplayed
the thing is nothing will ever change. Riot keeps dumping $20-60 dollar gun skins and $50-100 bundles and the players will continue to buy. riot could probably bump the prices up by another $10 and people would still buy them. so many games recently have gotten away with bumping prices up without major backlash (fortnite, apex, overwatch). A few negative tweets and videos here and there wont majorly effect their casual player base and those who will be buying the skins
Posts like this make me feel so fucking old lol. Y'all realize that games existed before "content"? Games can just stand on their own, you can just enjoy the game. The content doesn't really matter.

Should also be noted that an absence of content doesn't mean a game is "dead" either.
even if you are, its still the worst gun in the game lol
raze's satchels died for this?
The real world FAMAS is a 3-burst, and has a 25 round mag (only the much less popular G2 has a 30 round mag). It can be useful in knowing when the mag is empty simply by listening if less than 3 bullets fire in the burst.

Obviously not the case here, but yeah many games with real guns (like CSGO) will have weapons that don’t have mag capacity divisible by burst count.
Yeah this happens a lot, I don’t understand why they don’t make it like 3 votes or not even require votes at all. Automatic remake when someone queues it would be very nice
Imagine that in Pro Play. Speaking of which, is there anything like Chronobreak in League in Valorant?
as your local cypher hater, i dont understand the cam change. it literally makes a sound when its activated and its shown on the map. this is very weird.
You definitely haven’t watched arcane lmao
Thinking about skins before playing the game is CRAZY
Absolutely. The color of Phoenix’s flames range between red, orange, and yellow which means that his flames are easily hot enough. 

Considering Neon holds back constantly with her powers, it isn’t a stretch to think Phoenix could possibly produce even hotter white, blue, or even violet flames. 
Kay/O requires more team coordination to be played effectively. Having teammates swing off his flashes or having lineups for his flashes to set up teammates requires coordination and also lineup knowledge. I don't know what kind of buff I'd like to see for him. Maybe increase the radius of his knife? I think he's in a pretty good spot and has his uses on certain maps for sure.
RIP post plant spamming B long on Pearl: 2022 - 2023

A significant patch with some pretty dramatic changes when all things are considered - run and gun tweaks, rifle ammo reserve, frenzy/short nerfs & Pearl B site changes.

On paper it looks to improve some of the more frustrating engagements, so I hope they've found the right balance.
It's because they have high body shot damage and good spray. In iron its a crutch, but if you want to rank up you gotta practice your headshots and burst firing or single tapping, because the ttk of valorant is dominated by headshots so much
MrLowlander is always entertaining. But Im leaning towards VCT analysts these days since the base game has all but dried up nearly all interest. Teets, Airen, and commend are my go-to’s. JoeDaBozo is probably the only entertaining personality I check out once in a while.
Yorrruuuu
They're referring to your Sage
RIP, please reach out to someone redditors. You're not alone
In no world is it better long range
It's not "worse" than dismiss, it's just different. Dismiss is not passive and you can't shoot back when it's up. Double tap lets you win any duel providing your aim is not garbage. The current drawbacks make it suck, but if it was as easy to proc as Reyna's dismiss, it would be just this side of busted.
Honestly, I prefer a less frequent release schedule from coaches. Woohoojin was fun, but he quickly devolved into vod review limbo, where each video is just an edit of a coaching session he did on stream. I prefer conceptual coaching videos I guess.
If someone had ult come up off kills they might not have noticed that’s fine but if your in somebody’s ear during clutch reminding them they got a basic ass ability that’s annoying af imo.
It's been in a horrible state since Act 5. The introduction of Ascendant inflated people way too high, and I don't believe it's truly filtered out everyone still.
FYI, the practice range doesn't run locally.
They mentioned Agent 8 in a dev update not too long ago so no they didn't forget. It's a lore thing that will probably get explained...eventually, maybe in that rumored Valorant movie
I mean if silver/gold is the average rank (they are), then yes, diamond is objectively above average skill.
Im a little confused, you controlled the mouse but all other inputs (including firing) were voice?
If you consider Neon not viable than what about Iso? Neon might be harder to get value out of, but she can work if played well.
Siege is so goddamn unpleasant for solo newbs. I had around 150hrs in the game and didn't know what in the world was happening. On the other hand in around 50 overwatch hours I had knew about 90% about the maps/characters and their utility.
it puts u in a cocoon and slowly pull ur towards her. if u reach her u die. cocoon has 600hp and ur teammates can break it. it will probably still leave u miserably out of position in in front of 4 enemies
Nahhh wait this guys voice is actually amazing for it
“Wait for flash, guys, I’ll count it down” *swings before flash* “why u blind me?”
> Also I am a oper so I like to save money for oping as well by buying light shield.


It feels like you're just trying to justify this when you say it at the end. It is mostly passable, but there are situations where the extra shield will win the round. You're dismissive of molly damage, wallbangs, and smoke spams. So it's really going to depend on the round, the W/L bonus, and team economy. i.e. It's hard to make it a blanket rule because it definitely does have an impact if the entire team is going light.
Amazon's inspect element / browser console has a duck!
silver take
how is a guy who isn't radiant gonna boost an account to radiant for him?
No pecan
That’s beta. It’s normal for things to reset and adjust. I don’t care really, I’ll grind again 😄
With regular skins costing 20$ or even upwards of 50$, of course the bp skins are dogshit. They're effectively like 1 or 2 bucks.
viper has way more skill than just lineups
In C.S.GO Heaven referred to high ground locations, and we just took that
He has a 32.5% HS rate. Majority of players would just be getting out aimed in a standard 1v1.
I hate Raze's grenade already enough as it is.
Yeah I'm starting to believe people worried about the wrong agent getting buffed to the point of being broken. Everyone was up in arms about the Neon changes but she really doesn't seem OP from what I've played. However, nearly every time I've fought an ISO since the update, He's had shield active and I've lost the gun fight.
Iso will not be played in pro games in his current state besides the very rare gimmick pick by a team like PRX or in matches that dont end up mattering. The number 1 most important use for a duelist is not to get kills. it is to create space. That is why jett/raze/yoru are the "meta" duelists. being able to get through chokes is what matters most. also his ult is a slightly favored 50/50, pro teams have very in depth strategies to create much larger advantages for themselves
Although the XP amount is the same, I get what you’re saying. Recruitment events FEEL bad, despite taking the same amount of time. The XP going into 5 levels for some reason felt better than just going into a single bar.
This is actually an important factor subconsciously, especially when you get an Ace and it announces it to everyone.
They'll do anything but bring back Ice Box
Maybe it’s just all the zoomers nowadays who log in drink an energy drink and just start tapping heads.

I’m old now, in my mid 20s, so I need a proper warm up before I can do anything
Skye nerfs + gekko buffs.
yeah i was asking why didnt ur friend use it haha
Even randoms don't do this
you can't safely spam a smoke with an odin like you can with a phantom though
Play for fun first
Train smarter not harder
What if I save damaged armor from last round?
Yeeeeees. Mind games win games. It's not about winning, it's about sending a message.
Riot anti cheat is love. Had a game going 0 6 losing hard all my teams mental is gone since it seems like we all are just bad and 7th round starts everything feels like it's a ggwp and back to the loading red screen shows up and that satisfaction hit different. None of us knew or suspected a cheater in their team xd but having my RR saved by that red screen of cheaters death was muah
18 is fine, it was a close game against irons
That is definitely above average for sure
I honestly don't care about ppl name as long they play to win and not their stats i can go negative as a duelist as long as we are winning
what is up with the cypher cam change??
Then…just don’t have inspect animations on them then.
why play? why live? nihilistic gamer
That would result in people getting kicked for absolutely no reason just because a 4 man feels like it
i try to add as many "i miss her" ign players, i already have 20 friends added with the same name. They have a lot of things in common.  
-14yo's

-duelist main

-protagonist syndrome

-Bottom frag
You can see everyone running for potential guns but being denied from the nade. Felt that.
I have a huge dilemma with this skin.

Shoot asteroids? Or defuse bomb?
How did they not make it easier though they had of known it was something people would want
Ironically it feels pretty generous once you've been playing a while, or if you started when the game came out...

$10 per agent is real steep and not worth it. 

Once you decide on a few mains you can probably settle into not caring so much, but I understand the pain.
What if you're in the other side, immortal player, no aim, only game sense and defensive setups or attacking lineups lol, my immo3+ high rr friends love to play with me because i always support them with flashes, but i'm usually bottom fragging and it sucks, i feel like i don't have the reflexes anymore  :(
Terrorist for attack.  Counter terrorist for defense.
I know there’s been some discussion over on /r/gamingleaksandrumors over the years, but the amount of projects Riot seemed to be working on felt unsustainable.

In addition to what they currently have out:

- Console and mobile ports of Valorant

- Console port of Wild Rift

- Project L - the fighter

- Project T - an MMO FPS set in Valorant’s universe

- The Runeterra MMO

- A Runeterra ARPG

They also said that the 530 employees represented 11% of their workforce, so almost 5000 people is pretty crazy for a single studio. It seems they bit off more than they could chew having this many games in development.
It's not a placement. Just don't take it that way. The same way you should not think last day games don't matter. There's no reset beetween acts, only on episodes.
Chuckled at several of these, welcome to valorant
I learned something new today :)
This is probably a low elo strategy but when the enemy has a sage wall or you’re on a map with breakable walls I usually buy one just to break them as quickly as possible. It really throws people off.
Guns valorant players don't hate getting killed by: Vandal, Bulldog, Spectre, Marshall, Ghost, Sheriff

They will always find an excuse to call you cringe for using anything else while you're just taking advantage of the guns specific playstyle.

Classic:
-right click kill = "cringe"
-double headshot someone = cheater/"cringe"

Shorty:
-hold a corner and punish an ego push = "cringe"
-get a multikill due to pellet spread = "cringe"

Frenzy:
-spray transfer in pistol round = "cringe"

Stinger:
-run'n'gun = "cringe"
-kill a rifle user with a single controlled burst = "cringe"

Bucky:
-hold a corner("literally camping") = "cringe"

Judge:
-get a multikill = "cringe"

Guardian:
-get a wallbang headshot = "cringe"

Phantom:
-spray transfer = "cringe"
-smoke spray kill = "cringe"

Operator:
-hold a corner and get a kill on a dude peeking with zero util = "cringe"

Ares/Odin:
-literally just use them = "cringe"

Essentially most valorant players see anything that isn't a counter strafing, head tapping playstyle as "cringe" because they don't anticipate it and don't know how to counter it. Ignore them, use whichever gun you like.
It's intentional, they specifically made it that way so iso has a little bit more disadvantage peeking corners w shield (aka u see his shield sooner than he sees u) as well as made his shield easier to hit compare to hitbox. Iso shield is kinda hard to balance tbh, like it's so easy to make it completely broken so Devs somewhat wanted to make him not frustrating to play against but in the end he is just not good enough yet, maybe they will figure something out but imo shield size is probably not as important.
Ive noticed a lot of ranked Vipers will use their walls for whatever strat they have thought up at the moment, regardless of it is helping in the moment for their team. If you were the only one capitalizing on the wall there is a possibility it wasnt the best wall for the group but I'm just going off experiences in ranked and have no clue what happened each round in your match.
Just ignore them then. Sounds like they're just trying to put you down to protect their own ego.
Yeah, but neither do most duelists and whatever they do, absolutely most people can do.

Especially if they play for kd, lol.
Winning a 0-11 in overtime with one "half afk" who wanted to surrender.
not worst as in terms of content but you know you gotta run when you hear enemy raze's fire in the hole, i panic everytime i hear it.
One more star.
Replace Jett's knives with Chamber's snipers. Perfect accuracy while moving, 5 ammo in each gun, practically no reload because they are fired one by one, slow on kill.
Guardian is good, but it's not great mid or close range. That's where it loses to Vandal and Phantom by a mile.
Bruh im iron 1
Shotguns rule until you play against a team with a good initiator
She is super oppressive in pro. If you have proper coordination (like in pro teams), you can effectively control an entire site/portion of the map *without even being there* 

She’s mid in ranked because most people aren’t really playing the same game
Not a only a classic a SEN classic
People played in other Asian servers
report :D
R34 artists never ceases to impress me. Them mfers are so damn fast to r34 any new character
Tbh if it was battlepass price I'd be like ok but almost £20 for what the bundle is, its pretty steep. Also not being able to buy the individual items sucks it's like they're saying all or nothing just give us your money.
I like to say "NS" to the enemies when they actually hit a nice shot.

Sometimes I also like to put some "???" when an enemy makes a trash move or when I outbrain or outsmart an enemy. 

I also like it when the enemy does it. I'm quite untiltable.
I have not faced even one dodge till now but people are extremely annoying. They won't lock their agent till the last moment and we have to wait a whole 60 seconds for just one player.

And then loading speed due to somebody having a potato PC or hard disk is another headache.
tl;dr: Don't hipfire with the Marshal
The bug continuously resets the list too which is crazy annoying
Low elo is too bad to handle these guns, in high elo the Odin is primarily used to wallbang certain spots with or without info agents

In high elo however in a standard 1v1,no utilities available, same hp, and not considering human error the rifles win 10/10 times

In low elo people just don't have the aim and reaction to insta 1 tap the Odin
the 0 inaccuracy while sliding is probably too big of a buff especially while being able to shoot faster from the start of the slide. idk if itll be enough for pro play but for ranked id imagine her being a smurf's wet dream
Why are they bringing back Haven if it was the latest map removed? Are we just not getting fracture or pearl back ever?
The audio isn't shitty, it's just that it plays where omen start, not where he lands
DROP

YOUR

TRACKER

LMAO
Wow, an esports event in a school! Here in Italy esports don't even know what they are, and if you play video games a lot you aren't seen very well.
Some random posted that the advice they have to get from acendant to immo was play more aggressively and be more confident. 

If you really deserve to be immo, you should be able to out frag these acendant players. 

Thought it was stupid advice and continued to play normally. 

Was stuck acendant for a few acts. 

Got over it and decided to push more, not play site as much, take more space. 

Hit immo.
I think sometimes if it’s a new cheat, they first learn more about the cheat to see how it’s surpassing vanguard and then do a huge ban wave. So they could already be flagged. I might be wrong though.
Sheeesh! Awesome pointers and thanks for taking the time to type this out. Will definitely incorporate this stuff into my gameplay and more importantly, my game sense. Appreciate it🙌🏼
I'll get back to you after trying it out from the enemies corpse.
Oh really? I’m not sure how I didn’t notice that. Thanks for notifying me about that.
I haven't seen the stream, but how does the ult work? From what I understand from the trailer it kinda works like Gekko's flash but activated like Breach's abilities  or Sova's ult? I'm pretty confused about her kit.
i legit laughed out loud when that viper just popped out of her pit LOL
Is everyone here under the impression that RNG stands for run 'n' gun?
It's crazy that we can't just play ALL the maps in unranked. There is no point in having the same map pool in all modes
Thats because people don't understand drop all your smokes, Molly and stim out
Ace is from fighter pilot terminology - a pilot was an Ace once they had 5 confirmed kills
why would they play unrated tho?
hes just been playing since hes been born dude its okay
I mean if lol lore is anything to go by, this is not even close  to the top
Yeah i had an omen dodge my headshot too yesterday, he threw a smoke.
Where's the reply system?
Omen knitting "it helps me focus"
What a great decision by Riot. Thanks for listening to the community!
take breeze out also fk that dogshit map
I don’t think he’s atrocious as solo controller on sunset but you’re still putting yourself at a disadvantage picking him
its a literal skill issue, odin isnt op
I believe it isn’t a real message. There’s some type of glitch that lets you type “system message” and it comes up that color. It happened to me when I first started playing valorant and it said in the system chat that someone was cheating and detected and then we ended up forfeiting cause of it but then realized no one was actually cheating. 

Post from 2 years ago with the system chat glitch 

https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/oqijon/jebaited_to_surrender_in_ranked_by_this_system/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ioscss&utm_content=2&utm_term=1
Dude was so butthurt he had to demand you to add him and 1v1 lmao shattered ego.
Maps?  You will get breeze 20 times straight and then icebox another 10 for even daring to ask.
Erm, ackchually, it'sh not all one schotsh 🤓☝️
ive been working on getting over my fear of talking (and getting shouted at) and i noticed more and more people talking in both swiftplay and unrated. 
also EU servers, mainly Frankfurt but sometimes Warsaw too
I was afraid my boy cypher would look weird but he’s surprisingly cute
Let's see what I have to use. Pictures of their children? Wow, way too dark
Bro's trying to make it to Liquid 😭
It looks like one of those bucket mousetrap compilations
This used to work, but it doesn't anymore.  
Somebody simply clicked No to the remake vote.
Haven’t played one icebox game yet this act
Wdym, you got 4 spare bullets
You probably want to just smoke the heaven walkout and tree.


It's rarely worth smoking hell. Even here, it doesn't succeed in stopping people ratting in hell safely, and it lets them cross heaven to the far obstruction for free.
Cause 5 people sitting in a circle waiting for sage slow to expire is not a great strategy.
I guess it was removed because it was not Wednesday or Saturday
Breach also had 3 flashes back then
This is interesting- thanks for taking the time to quote and share an article
Me: that's just Aztec with extra steps 

Really cool
No peeking
"bots that shoot back"

I kinda know what you up to with this, but you just described deathmatch.
Agreed! Also have to know when to back off from a lurk if you're not slowing those rotates or just being an effective lurk in general. If you're lurking and you don't slow anyone's rotate or don't get a pick while your team dies, then you aren't baiting. You're being useless and will get some no-impact kills and lose the round.
I think what the trip should do is detect the enemy, but stun only if making sound
stick to one role, itll help you refine your decision making for that role. if you play other roles itll take longer for you to think of good plays
As a Cypher main, a lot of us are used to the old Cypher ult, which was of pretty low value anyway, and harder to use (just one tick, bodies had an expiration date, range was lower, I forget what else), so we tended to just throw the hat immediately.

But even in it's current form, it's still so cheap that almost any amount of info from it is value. Even in a 4v1, the ult could help your team hunt down the last enemy safely and efficiently. This could not only get a gun off an enemy who might prefer to save while also netting your teammate an ult point, but it could also save one or more teammates their lives and guns and deny the ult points from the enemy.

There are definitely times where I'll save the ult, but in a lot of cases, value is value.
Don't listen to the others, Neptune Vandal is the best
The thing I’m confused about is why they don’t just make it heal 40 HP then.

It would never heal you for >1 or <1 Vandal shot but it would be guaranteed to heal you for exactly 1. Right now, if your health is anywhere on the interval [1,10]U[41,50]U[81,100] then the self-heal aspect of the ability is virtually useless.

It feels super weird not to just give it that minor buff as it wouldn’t directly “improve” the ability but just make it more consistently average.
These only show me they gotta buff harbor a little. Bad pick rate and bad win rate
WHY TF IS CHAMBER SO BEHIND
Obviously a different player, but idk why anybody is trying to downplay this. Every stat is ridiculous. Averaged over 3 kills per round, 12 multi's in 14 rounds, 51% HS. Really absurd numbers, I've never seen anything quite like that.
That's what she said
Pretty sure she uses purple but I could be wrong about that
You chose the right person to marry :) 

Congrats and I wish you both the best!
I hate playing iso in any of the actual game modes, but he’s by far the most fun agent for me when I play tdm. In semi-coordinated play (ranked) I feel like my character does absolutely nothing so I never play him.
Sometimes you “Rito please” into the void and the void answers back
Lmao, I only ever have little shits that age or really nice kids, like no in between. Never a weird one like yours.
"Your crosshair placement is ass"
"Your aim is shit"

Say no more:
From what I understand he has a ranking bot that tries to put together people of similar skill levels, so like an inhouse matchmaking system (but I might be getting it wrong)
Great but why her titties look like that? 💀
Neon mains will no longer be able to play their main 💀
Unfortunately, you’re missing the point. It’s a competitive online game. Every game there’s going to be someone who’s better than you, and there’s going to be people worse than you. Sometimes you’ll be the best in the lobby, other times you’ll be the worst. As a new player, you’re going to find yourself being the worst more often. Watch some YouTube videos to learn the basics about movement, shooting, and agent abilities. Once you learn what’s going on, it gets a lot better.
Why?
champs is in seoul so that might be why they chose kpop. has to be culturally relevant i guess. anyway personally ive always thought vct 2023 music was the best. the menu theme was peak, had this nice sort of hype buildup vibe to it, like the kind of music you'd play during like the playoffs section of a sports movie while the underdog team is walking around meeting all the other contenders at playoffs or something.
160 eDpi. Really slow. Could be using mouse acceleration.
I'm on 800 dpi * 0.15 in game and mouse acceleration on which makes it possible.
They added me on right after the match they clipped it from like 3 different angles lol  
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkPlTLCAiFo&feature=youtu.be](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkPlTLCAiFo&feature=youtu.be)
Technically they all are, kayos are just more unique
No one has heard from op since this dropped 🗿
Tactical miss fr
The speed she got reeled out as u entered the pit was comical
One thing you’re not considering is people trying to learn the game. The more maps that are in rotation, the bigger the initial hurdle of learning the maps is. And that issue would only get bigger as more maps get added.

I’ve recently started playing r6, which has SIXTEEN maps in rotation, and frankly it’s a nightmare as new player. In 60-70 hours of gameplay, there are maps I’ve only played like 2-3 times. It just makes that initial learning curve so brutal, albeit the maps in that game are also just more complicated than valorant maps. But I still think having a balance between too few and too many is important, and I think 7 feels pretty solid.
Deadlock/Fade 

honestly cuz they were hot I'm not gonna lie
If you only buy light armour that round it will only give you light armour in the ULT

Which part of this do you not understand? Im curious
"You call that a knife? *This* is a knife!"
the fact that even in HIGH IMMORTAL people would go " i dont know how to play smokes 😭😭" like wtf you never saw anyone in your team smoking so you can just copy?
Classic trash duelist instalock who doesn’t know how to enter
Forgot to mention this but I didn't understand what he meant by elbow so I just planted default.
Thank you for putting Fade low. Why do you think shes unpopular despite imo being super fun, easy to play, and can use her util selfishly or for the team making her versatile?
Lmao at least Iso had his 15 minutes of fame unlike other agents
Congrats raze,YOU DIED TO A CLASSIC WHILE HAVING A ODIN
The avarage random teammates thought process:
enemy team get 13 win before us
Skye in general. Love her "ascent" lol

Rightio
I'm a coffee nerd and when I saw that shit I spend 10 minutes explaining my duo what the fuck is a Syphon lmao
Also a note that many people feel like the head hunter is a pocket guardian and is a redundant purchase
Comparing HS percentage in gold lobbies to what TenZ is getting against other pros is ridiculous. To give an extreme example, you could probably get nearly 100% HS if you played against a team of 5 actual irons. If the guy is a high rank smurf, these stats are completely possible.

I’m not saying that he can’t be cheating, but based on stats alone I would say it’s a stretch to come to that conclusion
Many people will say phantom because of the good recoil. I’d say go vandal to build up better habits and mechanics since it is way less forgiving. I think it’s easier to go from having less control to more when you want to switch and try the other weapon later.
OP we know u are hardstuck immortal >:)
The ability to watch replays. Sorry.
This plus ANY splash damage will absolutely be overpowered it shoots way too fast and does way too much damage. something tells me this gun will be getting nerfed very soon after release.
My understanding is counterstaffing is basically stopping quickly, which isn't as highlighted in valorant since letting go of the key quickly stops you anyway, you gain about 20 ms advantage if you do? Deadzoning is the process of shooting just before your velocity hits 0 but still low enough to gain accuracy bonus that you normally would not gain while in a full sprint, similar to how you gain accuracy walking. It makes plays like this happen since enemy don't expect him to move and immideately shoot and to them half the time it might appear as run & gun. Normally pretty good at taking a shot or quick burst.
Positioning. If possible play around the 15m? Or whatever the length is to 1 shot headshot with the Phantom.

Oh and when you dink someone for 140 and not get the kill/get one tapped by the vandal, don't lose your mind.
Riot fanboys used to do it on League forums as well, it's like they don't want the game to be good.
>Well what do you want them to do? Ban everyone with 100+ ping from playing on said servers?

I see no reason region locking shouldn't exist. The edge case of like 100 EU people playing with friends legitimately isn't worth it.
Riot makes characters for different purposes in all their games. I think you points are correct but I highly doubt the devs didn't know that when they made Reyna. Her purpose and power is far too obvious. 

Anyway in league there are champs thay have obviously been made and/or balanced for other reasons then to teach the basics of the game.
They do get banned lol. I get the "Player you reported has been punished" notification every other day
that day gekko discovered that thrash can hit him too
damn thats dope
Also if enemies like to defend mains, when you're on attack, you just ult at the start and even if you die, your teammates have the easiest trade in the world. Especially useful against Reyna or Jett who could just run away after getting one
Agreed. He’s obnoxious and makes ranked, a toxic 3 duelist time
champions 2023 and sentinels of light for me
Not just big women, but for all sizes as well!
Smokes on defense give you the element of surprise essentially. Imagine a doorway that leads into an open area (Ascent A for example). When an opponent pushes through the smoke, they don't know where you are on the other side of the smoke. You can be left, right, middle, etc. Without the smoke they can slowly clear each possible angle carefully and much more safely. A smoke takes away that vision and they have to push through without being able to clear angles.

On offense it's similar. Take the arch in Ascent Mid. By smoking it off the defender in Pizza/Market doesn't know if you've pushed Cat, crossed to Tiles, pushed up mid, etc. It takes away their knowledge and ability to know where you are, where you're going, etc.

A very general rule of thumb: If you have to push through the smoke to go where you want, it's a bad smoke. If your opponent has to push through the smoke to go where they want, it's a good smoke.
I thought about that as well, but it makes sense when you think about it. If they made it reset daily, there would be no way in hell a person could reasonably grind from 0 to 3-8k credits in only 24 hours. Giving you a week makes it easier to work to buy an item you want without having to play literally 24 hours straight.
You underestimate my ability to miss a satchel
LMAO for a sec I thought “I’m free” and then fell to my death 💀
Duelists: i has so many exit frags, im da best.
if you stretch the definition of baiting, technically trading can be considered baiting, but it's a good form of baiting. a good player would've said "nice trade" instead of yelling at you
Direct hit? yes. tag? No
Got flashbanged wit an OF when I clicked ur profile
You mean he is about to become an instalock jett
yea he’s pretty shit already too. the strength of his ult is using it vs weaker weapons. imagine if you ulted someone on their eco and just amazon prime them a vandal
because 7 8 9
Holy smokes, that's AMAZING! If valorant had skins for agents, I would spam Riot's emails everyday to add it to the game hehehe
Judging by [this tweet](https://x.com/average_jonas/status/1785765088311537903?s=46&t=A1tQAPh7WKEjBYb_30uxsg) it seems to be an actual thing
Tell the enemy your teammate is AFK

Grief

Accuse the enemy of cheating

Say WTF when you get killed by a Sova lineup

Saying GG at the end of the match
Don’t crouch and spray. Shoot in 2-3 bulletin bursts with time in between for recoil to reset
Maybe just ease yourself into it, if you have some time off just play a game or three  every now and then, or like give it as a reward to yourself after finishing up tasks
Yoru: “How did every piece of trash end up on the same team?”

Straight savage 😂
Why the fuck did they oneway themselves
What's so depressing to me, is that breeze and icebox already went out and came back more or less reworked. And they still suck ass. 
Sunset meta is getting really stale, really quick. So that's already nearly half the maps.
He also recruited Fade and defeated the Maxbot.
Probably because he’s playing cypher on breeze most the time and can do some really disgusting setups where he sprays through cages. Same thing with viper.
You were using it correctly if you were getting multi kills on defense.  It exists to punish reckless offense.
there are some early-mid 30 year olds who compete at a professional level in cs, so i dont think its too crazy to think an older person could play in a respectable elo in valorant
1. Don’t run and gun. Accuracy is greatly penalized if you’re moving and shooting.
2. Crosshair Placement - Always have your crosshair where someone could be instead of the floor.
3. $3900 is a full buy, will want to save on buying if not everyone can buy. $3900 next round is your indicator of that. This doesn’t include abilities. 
4. Reloading and Using abilities is slow and takes your gun out of your hand. You want to be smart about when to use them. You will 100% get fucked with your grenade or smokes out, but on to the next.
5. Try to be tradeable. The scoreboard doesn’t reflect this, but if you trade out 1 person and get two, this is huge.

Game winning conditions:

Offense: Trying to kill all 5 defenders or plant the bomb and let it detonate after 45 seconds.

Defense: Kill all 5 attackers, defuse the bomb if planted, or let the round run out without a plant

Best of 25 rounds - Unrated (this is the comp gameplay)

Swiftplay is first to 5 rounds - gives a nice sense of a game, maybe start here.
And it rarely works
Idk man, it's like donating money to a big corpo just because you like your weapon to be purple instead of grey, i'm a CS head and it's the only game i've spent money on skins and got all that money tenfold. If there isn't a way to get your money back then you're donating money not spending it...
"rotating" - spins around
The problem is other agents have strong nutral and strong ults like Jett or raze or Astra his is yes a globe teliport but it takes so long to get and has such small use case
I'm still confused about the effect of the "nade" and the on kill ability. 

I think the on kill one is the same mechanic as Iso's shield where it refreshes the timer on kill, and when you die, you can still smoke? Or maybe it just needs one kill and it's already available when you die?

As for the smoke itself, i wonder how it's different from others.. The deployment is the same as Brim but it refreshes and only has two slots.  The duration, visibility inside, and effects (if any) are still a mystery.
Phantom moment
Quiet
Was immortal one in act 4 and currently In immortal and never touched radiant although I do have a job and can't play 8 hours a day anymore
Oh then they are just tanking the mmr to sell them at bottom of the barrel iron. Not easy to get iron1 legit.
Brilliant
The grind becomes above improving by slim margins gradually. The gap between Immortal 1 and Radiant is larger than the gap between iron and Immortal 1. And it’s not necessarily in actual skill level. It’s often that a radiant player is simply 10-20% better than an Immortal in every area, but that next 10-20% takes serious grinding to get. 

For example, someone who just started fps games can probably improve their aim by 200-300% just by playing a few months. But someone who’s been playing for years? It is not easy to suddenly improve your aim by another 10% when you’ve already plateaued somewhat.
The times I’ll shoot it:


- about to walk into a cypher trap


- about to trigger a slightly hidden KJ turret


- if I know an enemy is trying to sneak up behind me


- if I’m not sure if it’s a fake clone or not, either I’ll kill yoru or quickly turn away from the flash


- intentionally blind certain sentinel/initiator util if within range
Oh thanks. But where would I send it?
when i first started playing comp i got placed iron 3
It's the next bundle.
its Brim. Omen, Viper, and Harbor's smokes recharge, Astra's stars are global and can be used for smokes stun or concuss. Brim gets 1 smoke that doesnt recharge and is short ranged. Pretty bad
only one of those was due to being controller though.
Because all the insufferable kids go to sleep.
It's coarse and irritating
Me when I lie online:
Dammit you making me cry again with that music
He asked for an opinion? I gave mine 🤷🏻‍♂️
So you’re telling me not everyone I play in silver is a cheater or a smurf?
never heard of him
Omen's ult is kinda trash and needing to shoot out of the cancel is pretty rare.
Jesus that was hard to read
Sounds like they’re on their way to improving greatly even without help, just a reminder not to blind his teammates is fine if you want to relate
It's not a bug, the animation takes a moment. He had a shield so he already shot, it just takes a few milliseconds for the blob to blow up It's the animation time.
My ascendant teammtes in a 1v1 clutch at round 11-11
Someone just messaged me that. All it shows is his career. Doesn't show the live vod of him actually playing the games that I linked on the tracker. Regardless, I just wanted the message to get out there.
That is some bullshit.
And that's good
i believe that they dont want to give away their position on site. any and all information matters way more in pro play than ranked.

they could lose the round solely off of giving away their position
Feels awful that Viper can't replace her smoke. Doesn't that mean she is relegated to double controller comps and breeze / icebox? I think Viper needs nerfs but this is not the direction because it further shoehorn double controller Viper. Maybe that's okay tho? idk

Cypher nerfs are fine, it's weird knowing you're spotting by Cypher camera tho... like there's already a sound queue.
Try to shoot them before they shoot you.
It looks like it could be a glitched trip and the two ends you’re seeing after you kill him are opposite sides of the same tripwire
This is why I just stopped playing this act. The amount of trolls after the ranked reset is crazy
Brother, OP is iron 2. My guy probably has his crosshair in Australia. He's not gonna be able to prefire anything.
It’s really just his trips. Riot overcorrected with 2-3 buffs and now unbreakable trips is cancer to play against in certain parts of maps.

I remember an ace play where I got 3 enemies with 1 trip in what felt like the span of 3-4 seconds. Really think the cooldown should be longer if it’s reusable util.
Lol I get why he did it, his ego is WAY too high when coaching lower elo players, he always insults them for jokes/engagement. Obviously they’ll be much more willing to play along/take it from a “radiant” than a high asc/low imm
good time to play counter strike 😤😫
Immortal in episode 8 is much harder to get than immortal in the previous episodes. iirc the percentages are almost 4 times smaller now. So it's likely that you're playing much better opponents in immo now than you were when you got your mental reference of "this is how hard immo lobbies are"
Diet and nutrition plan?
The cold-blooded stare of a wingman killer
tldr there's an agent 8 but they haven't appeared yet (we only know a presense of one based on the warmup cinematic and amas). im assuming they'll be a character later down the road.

source: [valorant lore wiki](https://valorant-lore.fandom.com/wiki/Agent_08)
These are called the god trips for a reason. If you guys dont have utility such as sova or raze nade or breach aftershock hitting B can feel impossible.

his trips are weaker on typically one side so you have to split the site to take it effectively.
This is only applicable in pro play. Ranked lacks the coordination to pull this off properly. The only situation, in which you should be playing a pistol round 2 is if you're lurking.
i can also imagine children screeching "DONT BAN MY REYNA WHY DID YOU BAN MY REYNA I WAS GONNA GET 40 KILLLSSSS" when an instalock agent is banned
They gonna dry swing 1 by 1?
Pure speculation, but I think it will be a Vandal again. Rito knows that rifles sell. As for knife skin, we’ve seen Karambit and Butterfly, and recently had Misericordia (Xenohunter Knife Animations) and a bat. I think a knuckle based weapon could be next, but I think a fan or dual handed (like Blade of Serket) would be really cool too.
skye is kinda shit now so i agree tbh
I think maining one agent but knowing an agent of every type is great in case u need to fill
A bug. Give it some time to fix. I’m sure the indie company has a lot on hand rn like thinking about how much to charge for the next bundle.
Awesome, I’m never playing Brimstone again
Because most players don't even get placed in iron, they start from atleast bronze. I started from Iron but I ranked up to bronze in a single act so I didn't get the buddy
Best: Araxys 

Worst: one of the shitty green screen ones
Imagine youre playing against sage deadlock harbor in a team
I saw some video pointing out that it was Reyna/Skye double flashes that are the real pro play strong suit.
Damn I've been watching him since he had 500 subs. Stopped a few weeks before he was exposed as a fraud. Wish him the best in his cybersecurity career.
facts. i feel that way too. i can be doing terribly but i don’t need you to tell me that smh. if you wanna tell me something, give me some util advice and don’t be an ass about it!
Raze is not a radiant
Wait slow down. I normally do the bottom strat. Is the top strat the new meta?
So I’m new to valorant as I’m a console player but a lot of people are saying the teaser at the end is for a plant based agent which sounds super cool to me? When do new agents tend to be released? I’m assuming it won’t be when the season launches tomorrow?
there is no engagement-based matchmaking in Ba Sing Se
When you’re against a full buy, 99% buy stinger. Spectre just unfortunately is not good. If you’re close enough for a spectre to be good, a stinger will be much better. That being said, whatever I do, stinger or deagle, I make sure to prioritize util and buy that and then buy guns accordingly.
its an old voice line and they forgot to update it once clove came out or something
I always lol when Skye’s dog kills someone, imo its pretty rare. Also a frame perfect double satchel is most satisfying to me
take a break and stop filling
Depending on how fast you can rack up Kingdom Points this could either be absolutely incredible or  abysmal and grindy.
Your friend is absolutely wrong and delusional
hahahahaha another fraud revealed. Disgusting.
I only watched for the first too rounds, but:

- You didn't use any abilities or do anything to watch flank nor protect your team's zone. By having everyone go to B main, you lose all control over Attacker's Base, Mid, and A Main automatically. This will make it riskier for your team to rotate, easier for the enemy team to rotate, and if an enemy is pushing, they will gain too much valuable information (that your team is somewhere close to B).
- Why buy Sheriff in 1st and 2nd round? You are a Sentinel. Your utils are more powerful in the first few rounds of a half because they are harder to deal with. Much worse, you bought a Sheriff in eco round (2nd). You should have saved. If any, buy Alarm Bot for flank, not a Sheriff.
- Your turret is mainly for passively controlling/defending zone so that it doesn't become neutral or be overtaken by enemy. This includes flank, strong areas, etc. Placing your turret in those locations don't really help your team at all. While it does help in gunfights, it's not really the "first thing" that should come in mind. If any, the more angle a turret watches (not always) and the more disadvantage it can apply to the enemy, the better.
- Long TTK. Stop aiming for too long. Just aim and shoot. The "aim first before you shoot" is good advice, but you took too long to aim.
- Stiff movement. Watch YT videos on VALORANT movement and crosshair placement and how they affect each other.
E7A2 I just hit Ascendent just to go on a 20 game loss streak.
got over confident and let their guard down cos "the spike was about to go off anyway"
I always thought tracker counts util damage for example grenade hits as body hits. Does it not?
this is gonna sound dumb but why would slowing them down stop them from peaking? thanks so much for ur reply!
Best is reaver and araxys
I truly don’t care, if the agent is good I’m going to play them in the same way I’ll play any of the other agents or any of the new agents going forward. I mean Omen is a literal ghost and KayO a robot, I’m genuinely excited to finally get another controller agent.
Im ASC 1 and was just playing around, I wanted to see his reaction if I shot a few warning shots
Short answer: get better
Long answer: Become better
Actually useful
Stick a straw into Wingman and drink him like a smoothie.
You can just throw the wall in the enemy's general vicinity. Before you often had to place the wall inside a choke point of some sort to get any real value. Now you can throw the wall from a much safer angle and let the walls do their magic. It's great on bind, both A and B sites.
Bro how can someone with 3 years of experience still be in iron?
I thought it was a bug LMAO
One was wearing a jacket with a fist on it and looked similar to the riot logo and the girl he was with had riot games written on her hoodie in read alongside the sleeves. I brought up if they worked for riot games in which they did.

Started speaking about what game I play. I said valorant and we had a little chat. Served the pints and they sat down. About 30m-60m later. The lady I’ve been serving comes up to me after her smoke and asked if I wanted the riot gun buddy which made my entire shift 10x better
I get backshots
Maybe if we had the replay system he wouldn’t have to imagine the rounds in his head
Used to love Breeze but ever since they brought it back it feels like 75% of my games are on breeze and it makes me despise it. And I very rarely even play Valorant anymore.
50/50 on other team. Big scare
Bronze is better than this lol
Viper in low elo is so good it's insane. I still haven't lost a game with her
Radiant players say there’s a giant difference between IMM3 hardstuck and radiant. Larger gap than really any other ranks. Wouldn’t know since I’ve never gotten as far as you, but to be fair most ppl feel like the game is a coin flip at lower ranks.
Nope, natural selection. Those who don't stand in grenades survive.
Lol fuck.

This comment just made me quit gaming. My wife said thanks
Why did I hear "I need healing" in Genji's voice
I guess you found the new Cypher decoy skill.
good centering nice clip
Clearly the comment is a joke, and if you want my real opinion, let the dude down as hard as possible. Valorant is a fucking video game about shooting each other not a dating app. Mental health is important but the dude should also understand he’s not in love with a random dude he played valorant with 🤣
mind ya business🙄
Imagine if CS2s top rank was called "Counter-striker" or some shit like that 😭
This, if you go back like a year and check his vod reviews he seems like a good guy and has respect for everyone, but now?  its pure raging at the people who is trying to teach, just making fun of the player so his chat gets some funny moments.

Idk if its because of ego, or because the subscribers have more fun and its part of it but i would not recomend his vod reviews for anyone tbh.
but when I do this they always flick in my head
I feel like this has always been a problem lolz

How we spent like 3 acts without icebox after it was introduced is crazy work 😭
Same with breach.

You gotta read people like books if you want to have any impact from his abilities with him in solo q unless you got super cooperative teammates that know how to play off of him.

My communication sucks too, so that doesnt help.

I am mainly an initiator and usually I can kinda feel what my teammates are up to and how to do my part. There is just so much more room for imperfections with any other flashing initiator.

It sucks because I know how strong breach can be over the other agents I play.
Leave him alone. He needs his time in the light after being overshadowed by KJ and Chamber.
OP mentioned, that nothing else would change, you just got the ability so... no tearing apart, no suffering...
Ngl the flaw is that system is sometimes like what happened to you where you got placed in the lobby again, I could technically block all of the people with a bad winrate k/d etc and not be forced to play with them again. I’ve got the same random teammates sometimes 4-5 times and lost every time so a block feature could definitely be abused for an slim but unfair advantage. Your best option is to just mute the player and play how you want without listening to them.
Sova dart breaking glass
when i get 140 dinked by phantom just to heal and still get 1 body tapped by vandal 😡😡😡😠😠😡😠😡😠😾😾
He's not evil, the [Chamber dossier](https://kingdomarchives.com/Assets/Dossiers/Dossier_6.png) written by Fade in the build up to her release shows that his actions are done because he truly believes what he's doing is necessary for whatever his great purpose is. We still don't know why he destroyed the collider in Fracture (and given the trend of how long it takes for individual character's stories to progress, we might not for a while) but the name of the playercard titled [Scylla and Charybdis](https://kingdomarchives.com/Assets/Playercards/battlepass/ScyllaandCharybdisCard_tall.png) (referring to a previous coded message that could be found on Fracture) which comes from Greek mythology and means *to choose the lesser of two evils* so whatever his reasons were, it was likely to prevent something worse from happening.
if you make a mistake just troll or afk
>Reyna's dismiss, both are low risk and high reward.

>I'm Ascendant 3

something is not adding up.
I mean entry duelists are gonna end up getting first death a lot more than every other role I'm not sure that's exactly fair? 
Riot themselves don't provide enough. Look at csgo they let the community build content for themselves.
TIL Wingman uses distance as a timer, not the duration
I took out a mortgage so I could buy the whole night market
Best thing ya can do is stop spending.

While I have put $222.70 into this game since launch... my last purchase was Sep 14, 2022... And I play most days.

They gotta do better.
My only issue with cypher is that the trips reset in only like a second after popping
there’s lots of websites that do it for you, i just google “val sens to {game}”
Don’t be that guy
Especially Japanese/Chinese letterings
Viper with her ult 💀
His knowledge of the game is great. His mannerisms are that of a spoiled child. Easily annoyed by even the most valid of questions. Treats the people who pay him out of generosity like they are nobodies who can't possibly know better than his majesty, on topics that aren't even game related.
Play your main.
Yeah it is. I think it's due to the fact that they have no rank decay and that people get generally better over time and it's pushing up the MMR
The video is really well made. However, due to all the editing, you can't recognize any gameplay at all. It's challenging to perceive and categorize frags, whether they were good or bad.
crazy reaction time on the dismiss but why didn’t you go to cover instead of popping out right in front of him lol
Favorite weapon is very basic but the Vandal. One shot headshot at any range is great and the main reason I don't use Phantom. The Operator is also becoming more and more my favorite. I've never been much of an Op'er but recently started using it more. I've always been a fan of high risk/reward things and this gun is basically it. For the same reason I also enjoy Sheriff and Guardian.

Least favorite is probably the Classic. Just like everyone's experience, my right-clicks get dodged like they're in the Matrix while I get onetapped by a right-click from 20 meters. I'm also not a fan of RNG and this gun is basically the embodiment of RNG.
>but the kills I get from good tp and flash combos make it worth it

If this is the highlight of your controller gameplay then you'd might as well just play Yoru or an initiator with a flash.
Did it say the op dealt a small amount of damage in the damage report?
yeah and even as a guy you may have to mute people, its just part of playing an online game, just mute the dumbasses
Can confirm. I am hardstuck ascendant and I have a huge ego.
got it multiple times from gold-diamond lobbies over the years. 

&#x200B;

btw place your crosshair at enemies head height, there are horizontal lines on every map that help with this placement. you will get out of silver with this one tip lol
Im bronze… 😃 all I do is I consistently place the clone when I go for a site, and one of the rounds after they stop shooting the clone, I pretend to be that fake clone. (I also time how long it takes before my clone normally disappears)

It works for me 50% of the time but when it does I always get at least 1 kill and some info
It seems you though you could escape Gekkos ult. It worked out pretty well but in a different way you expected. LOL.
Literally fire
if you are running omen, you probably aren't including a Clove in your team comp, and their winrate is insanely high at the moment. This could explain it.
Plus shotguns probably lose damage via penetration huh? 

(I foresee a your mom joke, preemptively calling it out)
Get a PC lol, went from gold to ascendant after replacing a shitty laptop
Never seen a character take as big nerfs as viper did in the patch. Jesus christ they really butchered her.
New rocket launcher?
People are insecure and they need to make fun of others to feel better about themselves, its sad, but its the truth.

I'm sure you hear this a million times, but make sure you report, leave in the description what round the sexist comment was said in and mute. Riot is usually pretty fast with banning these kinds of people, at least in my experience.
I wonder how they resolve this. Will the omen ult get canceled and he will get detained, or will it dodge the Deadlick ult
He’s Iron 1
This.. even as a guy, you scream once or make weird ass noises, boom gone. Too old for that shit which usually continues for rest of the game.
Incase you didn't know you can end your ult sooner by pressing it again
This act has been the worst for me tbh i was gold 1 last act and got placed in bronze 1 even doing pretty well in my placement games , Ik how placement works they derank everyone purposely to grind more and play this game but this act has been pathetic from matchmaking to smurfs everything which made me frustrated that's why I stopped playing from past 2 weeks
I'm cypher main but I'm waiting for advice from cypher main cuz I'm bad
the speed at which OW went from chill game to ultra sweaty "Ill throw if you pick non meta champ" was nuts.  

Congrats tho, you will run into toxicity in this game too in ranked/unrated and every once in a while a very angry person in spike rush/swiftplay.
Yep! The speed changes for guns are irrelevant of your original speed, it makes the same % change either way.
Sage self heal is literally useful more often than Bucky right click lol.
You can't complain when bronze players got more kills than you and you are in gold. And playing against better players will help you. Don't get tilted and have fun.
Nice shots, but that’s a bad tp and if you keep playing like that as you rank up you’ll get punished for that. Better to not learn bad habits against bad enemies
either that or a jinx odin, I'd love both
why didnt he scan
I usually die with a HS anyway, I always drop as well
Gotta switch it up. Something like ExtraLongHotdog or something
You will notice that most players share roundabout the same rhythm. Focus on one side of their jiggling and just tap once they move into your crosshair.   


The easiest thought to that is always, if they jiggle around like that and your crosshair was on head height on them, they will walk back, right into it. Just wait, click and win. Will take some practice of course.
him calling people out for asking really basic questions that could have been answered with a tiny bit of work (like reading the faq in his discord) has always been something he’s done and I kind of agreed and thought it was deserved.

where I’ve turned sour on him is when I feel like he flames people for things that dont seem as unreasonable. like in a t3 sub event when a group of subs made a video for one of his challenges but it missed out on one tiny requirement so he made fun of them for a minute and stopped watching the video. 

also just the amount of time he spends flaming people feels higher than before. before if a mistake happened or someone said something dumb it was a 15 second tangent and move on, now it’s like he spends substantial time scolding people for not knowing something or not doing something well enough
Did you just say phoenix flash is the worst in game? Yea I don’t think you know this game as well as you think you do.
Terrible way to generalize peeking. 

1. Peeking a 5ms enemy is different from peeking a 80ms enemy. 

2. Peeking close to cover against an enemy far away from the cover allows you to control the fight. You can jump peek, throw shoulders, popping swing, peek with utils. 

3. Far back makes you difficult to run for cover and makes you perceived as slower. Every fight is different.

This video applies more to clearing tight corners, you can see them first if they just hide there holding you.
I swear Sova says, “A boner is old fashioned. But sometimes old ways are best."
I once encountered an e-double date, it was one if not the most horrible game ever, deafen and muted.
HUH? you saying clove is 13 yo? Also why Clove is 33% of the Valorant team 😭
wow you're so smart you must be radiant
Woohoo Haven. Pearl and Fracture are becoming memories though, lol.
Tbh, I don't even care about the night market it's absolute trash.
This doesn’t show why harbor is viable as a solo controller though. The only map where that is viable (that I can think of) is lotus, and even then you’ll need B main control to be able to smoke C. 


If I’m wrong, please tell me how he’s viable as a solo controller. If he is viable, then why does he (BY FAR) have the lowest pick rate in ranked and pro play (vct 2023)?
Don't lose to Iron and win against Silver. Also don't play with people that have a lower rank than you if you want to rank up fast. Always play with people that have the same or higher rank.
Every statement they made about her kit suggests they are playing the kit wrong. The first step in understanding how to get value out of a kit is to understand the best way to use the kit.
You killed KAY/O while he was in his ultimate
Yes yes yes. We are not pros. We shouldn’t be limited to their map pool.
i aint readin allat but good job, congrats
This image makes me realize how many agents there are
IT HELPS ME FOCUS!
Lol love how nobody is explaining *why* you need to ADS.

Crosshair follows spray pattern when ADS.

ADS reduces recoil.

No fire speed penalty for ADS.

With ares/odin you become "more accurate" while spraying longer. Not technically more accurate but recoil becomes consistent while spraying, unlike other automatic weapons. This isnt unique to ADS on them but to get the most of this perk you should ADS.

Keep in mind these only apply to odin/ares and not other weapons.
Let's just add another Judge. Same stats, same price.
This controversy is truly one of the silliest things I’ve ever heard. If the advice works for you, listen and follow it. If it doesn’t, don’t. He’s a great coach and there’s a reason his content blew up and it’s not that he claimed to be 1 rank higher than he actually was
So they were mechanically good but used walls? I feel like even with walls you would need to be good at the game in order to get to #1. How pathetic and a waste for potential talent.
Immo player here and I agree. The amount of SUS players increased drastically compared to few episodes back.
For like a fraction of a second and starts again and goes pretty quickly
When content creators OPENLY SMURF.......there is a smurfing problem......
Try every single agent you want, fuck anyone telling you you shouldnt
i knew i wasnt the only one who saw that
[deleted]
what odds are you using for the individual matches? are you just assuming every single game is a 50/50?
rito with their next level play testing.



small indie dev! forgive them!
I think omen is the best for solo q like he is a controller who has abilities that can be used to enter & dont rely on teammates too much
Soloq but duoq for less depression 🥲
The game is not dying and if it is broken they will nerf just like the frenzy, judge (lol), stinger, op, chamber Jett, etc. let’s just wait and see
You can't mute any sounds in the game without muting EVERY sound because otherwise you'll get significant advantages over players- like imagine if I'm just spamming with an Odin, I shouldn't be able to hear somebody flanking me.  


The closest thing you can get is finding a gun skin with a "softer"/"less distracting"/"less harsh"/"quieter" firing sound (I find the Prime Vandal is a good one for me) and buying that.
Gyro aiming ln Ps5?

Like literally it is the solution for Mouse like accuracy on controller.
I raise you a 7 man ace, technically. Not mine but in an unrated a Phoenix was killed, rezzed, ulted, killed again, and then the Reyna who was fighting proceeded to kill everyone, it was wild
I don't know what rank you are so your mechs might not be the only thing holding you back, but looking at the DM, there's a very clear disconnect between your aim when you know for sure you're about to fight someone vs when you're not. You should practice "peeking with intent to kill" as the banana calls it, basically just being more ready for fights.
Yeah, this current BP also has a lot of great stickers.

People usually buy the BP for radianite but all the extra stuff you get with it is also pretty fun.
Also a guy, have exactly the same type of voice. I’m usually read as a guy by other men, and as a woman by women. Luckily, my voice encourages women to talk in vc, which is nice, but on the rare occasion I get sexism, the harassment tends to be much worse than regular toxicity.
especially that last sentence. *stay tf away* from yoru until you fully understand the basics of both the game and his kit
So much for all these "i play shooters for 8 years and want to go pro, i peaked immortal 1" posts there have been lately on this sub. 

This is what a Natural learning curve for a person who might have a shot to go amateur/pro in an fps shooter(and he was not even fast with it honestly, young prodigy players often hit high rank even faster after starting than op. 

Op has talent AND put in the time and work to reach radiant, if you don't have both, people will never have any chance to reach pro level in any universe lol
Depends on your definition, Forsaken is the best flex player, Aspas prob the best duelist, Chronicle is the most decorated (two Masters and Lock In), etc. It's really hard when the game is this young to have one definitive best overall/GOAT.
It sounds like english words pronounced by anime characters but translated in polish
smurfs in general just kill my vibe smh
holy shit youre coping so hard just admit they out aimed you and try harder next game. Why did you even come to reddit????
I noticed me and my teammates were losing more duels because we get out of ammo, the red warning is really faint now so we don't notice we have to reload.
You shouldn't use easy/medium/hard bots to measure your skill, because the bot spawns are so random that you can get really good scores on lucky spawns or really bad scores on unlucky spawns.

Better to use something like Aim Labs scenarios if you want to measure/track your aim progress.
Oh no, siege is a cesspool. Don’t listen to these guys, siege players complain about everything, including the operators’ pronouns
Bought only a sheriff as well. He’s smurfing
If you hit Silver even once that means you will receive the Silver gun buddy.
Someone sent the wiki how link to the article showing the valorant uninstall process.

I think “aimlabs is free” is much more to the point
Looks like a swiftplay tho, since it's match point at 2 - 4, and in swift people definitely pull these kinds of stuff for fun.
"I am prometheus! And you... Are just.. A god."

"Let's see what I have to use.. Pictures of their children? Wow.. Way too dark."

"I will stop anyone who tries to come through. I must keep my secrets with me."

"They will scurry, and then they will die."

"Wonderful! It's great to see how frightened they are."

"We're doing good. Let's do better. Just for fun."

"Don't worry. The house always wins."

Cypher just delivers.
Does Gekko a flash have a range or is its los unlimited?
Dink
It's confirmed that α-Jett joined the VALORANT Protocol before the events of Duelists. The reason Phoenix didn't recognise her is because it was only after the Venice incident that agents started to meet each other as the Protocol eventually transitioned into working as one big team all together. Before, Protocol operations were so strictly compartmentalised that some agents like Phoenix didn't even know anything about certain other agents, presumably all those who weren't in more commanding positions like Brim and Sage who he was aware of at least at the time.
>And I try to be careful too and see how people in the lobby act before I even speak.

This is very common. Fairly often I'm running into teammates that only comm using text chat for like a half of the game and then start speaking later (I'm guessing after confirming the lobby is chill) and they almost always turn out to be a girl. I have also noticed that for some time now I no longer get any feedback on my reports for verbal/text abuse, seems like riot cares less than they used to or maybe the community got so toxic that they can't keep up with reviewing reports. Anyways, I suggest looking for friends to play with, by far the best way to avoid or at least decrease toxic interactions.
If Riot made a Valorant movie, that statement would make more sense 😭 that shit was confusing to read
This is the answer right here. Competitive matchmaking aims to achieve that a person has a 50% win rate.
valorant got me to quit cocaine lol
Shit map for soloq since you need everyone to hold 1 point on def and every game same comps
Looks a bit like Cypher although I'm not sure what exaclty I'm seeing there.
its a pretty good way to mask your incompetence by saying "its because i switched role"
As an iron I have no idea. Buy a spam gun or phantom????
+1 for this, I absolutely get smoked in BattleBit but at least I have fun doing so
the smurfing problem is an easy fix imo, just add a phone number verification for ranked like premier has
Day one chamber was scary. I straight up refused to peek any long angles
This has to be plastic rank
a yes, very realistic, I mustve missed it in the patch notes :D
That’s probably the case, he doesn’t often swing multiple people looking at him (Except for the times he plays Jett, which in that case, he goes full balls-to-the-wall, autopilot mode)
Yes, I don't trust that the Gekko won't send Wingwan off into site before we've cleared it, giving enemies full control of the spike.
TIL
holy shit. that would be dark. does riot go this dark?
Peeks
I always found “iel” extremely disgraceful and very artificial. I wish we could’ve come up with something that makes more sense etymologically such as “ille” (with a non-silent final “e”) or “el”
And how do you feel about your teammates saying "5 bullets" calmly? That's what they do in my immortal/rad games and I feel like that's how it should be
Oh no...
yes
To be fair they look very similar, and their names both start with the "Bree" sound, so I still have a hard time when trying to comm
All great things come at a price.
They know you’re cheating.
Not good Dan.
If icebox has a million haters, then I am one of them. If icebox has ten haters, then I am one of them. If icebox has only one hater then that is me. If icebox has no haters, then that means I am no longer on earth. If the world is against icebox, i am with the world.
Trips should activate faster. It’s dumb that you can run right through them without getting caught.
TenZ 2.0?
I sometimes do it just for fun, to keep the good teamvibes up. Matches go a lot better if everyone is having fun and from my experience, it's usually a great conversation starter as well. Same as asking for an operator or a classic in the first round. Or "going C" on maps where there's only A or B.🤷
Lol just shoot him. You got like 12-15 seconds (whatever the duration of his double-tap is) in  ISO’s ult, down him, then shred his 800 hp and you’ll be good.
100/10 gameplay
I think that the First Light made radianite appear all over The Earth but it existed before then. Pretty sure Kingdom discovered it and was running experiments on it or something like that. Also, there is this group that Iso and Omen worked for (idk the name) and their whole point was to hide the radianite from public and I dont think it makes sense to try hide something that is all over the planet. Also in the group’s boss penthouse, there is this weird flower looking like these from Lotus, so they are probably connected to the radianite.
And then the cypher will run the same trips you do and you watch as your teammates helplessly run into them every round
Once the realization sets in that bitter people get mad at you for getting kills in general you’ll stop giving af

If it wasn’t the Odin, it’s the Op. of it wasn’t the Op it’s the judge, if it wasn’t the judge then you’re probably a rat, if you’re not a rat then you’re baiting, if you’re not baiting then you’re just trash for no reason lol
Epic Games got sued for hundreds of millions for similar reasons
I prefer the voice line when harbors on the other team and says “i suggest you move”
It addresses the complaint that she has no utility on offense
Killing once the timer is up is literally the intended functionally of the ult when it doesnt bug and get stuck. Killing the player when the ult gets stuck is less strong than if it completes cause the body will be closer to the enemies and more likely to get rezzed by sage/deliver the weapon they had
If you ask me, the viper molly and our breach flash really discouraged them to push
I once opened val and saw my friend was online and in-game and i didnt wanna play with him. I had recently heard about decieve and i tried it and it worked really well. I didnt get an invite for him when i joined in. 

But destiny had other plans for me 🥲. I ended up queuing comp with him on my team on my first match 🥲.
16 and top 200 is really good. As others Said, stream and ”16y old radiant” is a very solid spot.

He Will need support though, acceptance of the attempt, and support with a fallback if it doesnt work out.
+1
Duelist: Reyna  
Initiator: Fade  
Controller: Brimstone  
Sentinel: Sage  


Reyna is easy cause abilities are pretty straightforward and easy to use, but Reyna usually gets a lot of hate if you're bad at aiming so you might get a lot of shit.  
For initiators, I feel like all of them need some skill cause they're also super important for a team and if you are new, you aren't super helpful for the team. I say Fade because you can kinda just throw your eye wherever and it usually helpful?  
Brimstone is easy cause smokes is literally a iPad  
Sage is pretty easy to play and is useful anywhere. Even if you're bad, if you just heal your team + res, your team will usually like you.
Shouldn't be the case. I don't want to lose pistols
The annoying little kids that think being sexist is cool actually pisses me off
Perks of *arm aiming*
Hogekul never fails to make me laugh
boombot rift to clear hookah, cypher wired covering flank, try to satchel in with ur judge in bathroom.
>It's just as likely that your enemy won't shoot their teammate out

No it isn't
Picking up a black Araxis Vandal does wonders to my aim and confidence
You're really mad about a gun we haven't even seen in game yet
goat potter she will save nrg next year trust 🙏
good first steps... still low tier character unfortunately. I feel like if her sound shits got the buff than she'd go high up
Been playing since late 2020 and I’m still B3 peak S1 lol 

I’ll let you know when I get there.
What if they inflicted a small stun?

Phoenix's walls burn, Viper's inflict poison, Astra's blocks sound and bullets and Harbor's slows you down, why are Neon's the only ones which don't do anything special?
Thanks for the laugh
Brimstone's win percentage is missing
"This should do"
no one cares about team comp in iron. lock reyna or jett, hard carry. make sure u actually kill tho
Bruh they already gutted her
I actualy like it and feel like its really balanced, i hate split and lotus, somehow just dont like them. Dont have an explenation😄
Buying knives just to put feet.. Average valorant player.
Depends on the enemy team. Very few things are always good no matter what, and you should always have the perspective of 'how do I beat these players' rather than 'what is the perfect play'
No, I was saying wonderful. As in my teammates were indecisive and let the team push into our spawn.
omen i dont think you have to tell brim who you are.. we all know your voice 😂
The 80-20 rules makes them 80 more money than the 20 they would make so
Console version exclusive
Yea honestly valorant has one of the worst monetization models I've ever seen. If a game like overwatch tried this their community would burn down blizzard hq
Yea and I’m s2 (peak g2)
That's crazy, props to everyone for not drawing
I swear some teams I play against have an SCP on them. 

Empty hall, empty hall, empty hall, peek out the door, look back and there’s someone standing right in front of me like they materialized out of _nothing_
I would say no scope operator kills are pretty rare and satisfying but if we just talking about just satisfying kills then sheriff headshots.
No just no, on defense the wall and the orb are great ways to buy time for the team to rotate and on attack the wall can be used to cut off people and angles, or post plant to denial entry remember you need a mag + some more to shoot down the wall, in this aspect she often works more like a controller than sentinel.
Realistically, him and especially Breach also shouldn't experience the same recoil as the other agents. You'd think that Breach's earthquake generating arms would be capable of more shock absorption.
It's weapon MOVEMENT error, dude. There's still gonna be first-shot inaccuracy
FYI, this is completely sarcastic. I made this off of a twitter post i saw.
it's from a french tiktoker who started calling him aziz, aziz means my dear in arabic
Maybe tenz isn’t but he’s definitely on somewhat on a right path, hit the rank valorant before it was radiant and won the first lan. Nothing special in the last years but he’s looking strong asf right now. But the game is still young  like people say


Random asf but I think zekken will be one of the best players for sure in the future like he clears any duelist I’ve seen him go against
your rr gain is so shit or what
As someone who frequently uses the odin, I would say that you should ads with the odin. You will benefit from a tighter spray and an increase in firerate; or at least try crouch spraying with it. You should also load into the range and learn how to spray control with it if you wish to practice using it.
I have it happen in swifts too, like bro chill im just trying to enjoy the game and have fun
that is an absolutely horrendous trip. Firstly, the enemies can walk over it, and no one can really play off of it because it’s so deep. You have to swing out of lamps to get the guy, and you might get spammed to death.

I’m taking my flair seriously
A lot of gold plays share the same braincell and they all use it to aim at the floor
Omen ult? If you shoot his ult it will appear as a 160 headshot
Clove is not supposed to replace anyone. Devs even said themselves, they are filling a gap, one where controllers can be aggressive and not worry about dying early and leaving their team with no smokes.

Yes, Omen can play aggressive, but from a design standpoint, it’s not interesting to design a champ to replace another. More, think of a design/ play style that’s missing from the game. Each champ should bring something new to the game.
Cypher used to ask for a corpse, now he’ll give you one
Is it just me or there ha been an uptick since the end/ start of the new episode. 9/10 of my games have had a weird smurfing / I don’t care attitude recently. I’ve never seen it this common where I feel like it’s been happening every single game. Mostly high diamond/ low ascendant lobbies
smaller smoke range compared to the alternatives

a lot of casual players and lower rank players do not want to learn lineups

whats the point of stim becon when i only one tap the enemy (joke)

no regenerative smokes so hes bad as a solo controller and in ranked no one plays double controller
Fr it's getting a lil boring
New update, and it is turqoise I would say
Interesting! Also, there's mention of Nanowire, is that tech exclusive to Deadlock or has that been mentioned somewhere before?
Bro wtf this is too bad that its too good
-Breeze

+Pearl

I honestly hate Breeze, even this updated version isn't great. How it can go out of the map pool for redesign and they so quickly they re-open up tube just shows the map is incredibly difficult to balance. Map was already super oppressive against Operators and now with the Outlaw in the game it just makes it even worse. Viper or Harbour are still mandatory to take the site
0/25 is extremely bad. If your k/d is consistently below 1 need to rethink your choices. If you have a lot of first bloods then a lower kd would still be ok. But as a duelist a negative kd reflects very poorly
Urm actually there’s a voiceline from viper that suggests omen’s real name is John 🤓☝️
The question I wanna know is what's the range on tht see through walls? Bro was right on top of him aint no way you get that close and have the time to inspect and check like that. That being said either way it needs removed especially if say you could be in B main on ascent and an opponent was in switch hiding on the wall and you could spot them with this.
Probably play testing the shiiiiat out of it since sliggy and other pros called out how broken B site is
A shop rework, as far as I see it, is very unlikely. It is a marketing strategy from Riot as they artificially increase the rarity of a skin and thereby the value. If the skin shows up at your store you feel lucky and don't think about the price. This is probably also the reason why bundles are limited; in order to pressure you into buying the skins as once they are gone from the bundle, you will have to wait a long time to buy the skins.
I think they needed buffs, definetely characters not worth picking over Jett/Raze, but i feel like they may have overtuned them a tad. The Iso instant shield for free every round is incredibly strong against anything. Can counter a 4700 credits gun, an 8 ultimate point raze rocket - for free. I dont know, we have to see how it plays out, for now i think that ability may be a bit too strong.

Neon was allready a somewhat annoying agent to deal with and i am okay with everything they did, but the slide changes. People are allready annoyed at the Neon Ult, riot always said that they dont want run and gun to happen, so why is this ult run and gun? Especially with 2 slides now, the ult becomes even stronger, which in a tac shooter, is not good. The accuracy while sliding feels annoying for now, but i think is gonna be okay, hopefully they fix the aerial accuracy as well.

In general i think both Neon and Iso needed buffs for sure, but i am unsure if the changes are the correct ones
They are just being internet bros. 

Anyways, I went from plat to ascend 1 when I started using aim labs. I'm still trash though. Just okay how you want. If you wanna improve and climb ranks, aim labs isn't a bad option realistically.
Yea this is the right answer. For most people there really aren’t any skins that DONT get boring eventually, which kinda sucks since they’re SO expensive
Yes. It will take a while. You get 5 starting (Sova, Jett, Brimstone, Phoenix and Sage), 2 free agent token after a couple of levels. You got 17 agents left over. Each agent is 8000. A daily gives you 600, requires at least 2 match (approximately 2hours). 1 Agent takes around 10-12 days if we include the extra credits you get per match. 10x2x17=340 hours. 

I actually got all agents less than 200 hours.
Fair. I just wasn’t aware how popular they were. I was genuinely under the impression that the tiktok lives were scams and those cheats wouldn’t work and that there were very very few actual cheaters.

I made this post cuz I was actually pretty shocked
omg the reloads
No shot man, not even close, you have no idea how popular league is with the asian market
all game modes having to use to the comp rotational maps is one of the most unnecessary things they chose to do
Kay/o is the worst, not necessarily because he is bad but because he requires a lot of teamplay (in Valorant standards…)

Just flashing for teammates is a nightmare, no one wait for it to pop and you just blind teammates constantly
Dopai is quite good, doesn't make nearly as much content (I'm youtube only) but the concepts are usually different in each video and he goes in resonnable depth, just enough to learn the concept and master it on your own.
People don't see you....

*gets shot in the face after a couple of seconds*
Hopefully the don't just say "we'll be communicating a lot more" and actually do it. Valve invented the "we'll be communicating more" but doesn't change one bit before it was cool.
me when i ask the waiter if the duck is from shanghai
People already thought that. There have been posts in this sub about that prior to the boosting drama. He had Tier 3 subs who cancelled their subscriptions and stopped watching streams because of it. 

But regardless, you are right, he became condescending. He actually addressed it in an apology video he made. So thankfully he either did some self reflection or listened to the people around him. Hopefully he can maintain that self-awareness and make more positive content.
so you shouldn't look at just the last patch notes?
Just started a month ago and this was my most insane comeback ever in solo-queue  
  
We were losing 5-12 - honestly our team wasn't working well together (the usual no comms, no teamwork, etc.). Viper and Gekko were getting a little annoyed at Reyna who kept trying to flank but always ending up in 1vX situations because she was walk-flanking the whole way  
  
But we still kept a positive mindset, and didn't turn toxic/flame  
  
Then Reyna hit this insane 1v4 clutch. Could've been even better actually, because this was the 2nd time Gekko used his thrash on Reyna, and the first time she forgot to Dismiss instead of Heal. Sadly this time even though she remembered, she walked backwards and mistimed it so her Dismiss ended before the thrash hit her. I helped to warn Reyna she only had 1 bullet left, and damn did she make it count!  
  
Kudos to Sage too who kept her cool and listened to my advice to tap the bomb to force them to peek.   
  
Great lesson to never give up even on the verge of losing, and never be toxic to your teammates who might end up clutching and staging a comeback  
  
The enemy Gekko's probably kicking himself lol <3
Most reddit players are just malding bronze hardstuck that's why they hate Reyna so much. She's fine.
Man it's crazy how none of them were using Comms or looking at map 😭😭
i once coached a guy that said he couldn't phoenix flash through a harbor wall cause water nullifies fire-based abilities
Because why would they? Nobody wants to play with a 4 stack who are all in discord so they don't make meaningful comms in-game. 

Not being able to 4 stack at all is much better than asking players to opt into being put in lobbies with the group of 4 friends who take the game hostage and flame everything the solo player does lol. Just invite another player to join you, it isn't that big of a deal big guy.
It's refreshing to think I can make the enemy shit their pants by just playing Cypher (they destroy my trips anyways and I run a 1/15/3)
Cock
Every sentinel have one shared theme: effects with long durations. Traps & sensors all last indefinitely, both walls have long uptimes, and the short term effects like Cypher cage or KJ grenade still persist indefinitely before triggering.

I think its unlikely a sentinel gets a flash ability because that's the opposite design space that they're supposed to occupy.
Deadlock VA is Norwegian tho
60 to 144 is a MASSIVE UPGRADE . MONITOR ANY FUCKIN DAY
Iso has such a high moment when he is ulting ("if this hits I'm hunting heads!!!", am I right?). Additionally, the best time to ult is when you are hitting the site, so even if you lose, your team's flood will trade you off.

The problematic part is that it is (currently) relatively weak in a clutch (i.e. 2v4) situation. It is technically not much better than finding one 1v1, that you need to do plenty of, if you want to win.

My suggestion is that if he wins, he should get 150 HP, and a (potential) dismiss at the end (e.g. he can decide for 1s if he wants to use it). The only use case that would be affected by this is when he wins, but his position is getting pushed off - exactly the weakest point of his ult.
The sounds at landing is extremely short range, you can see the indicator on your map. Give it a shot next time you play:)

 I'm an omen main and play basically assuming nobody will ever hear my landing . "Dumb TPs" like you said work out a lot more than people expect.
I can find a lot of ui changes have been made. Timer, typography, tooltip ui and more
And then there's me, who sprays and makes couple of additional holes for laces in their sneakers
Your outlines are so shiny, do you use any specific setting for that or is it that shiny by default?
Love how the new gun has been out for like 2 months now and still a not a single premium skin. The operator doesn’t need another premium skin…
gratz, now to conquer spelling
Strangely enough, 3 of the current top 10 Radiants are Yoru mains
it’s just the reyna dismiss that is so good when paired with good mechanics. When I play reyna i will just peek everything with confidence and even if there are so many of them i kill one then get out for free.
valorant players are fucking embarrassing
This looks better than actual Valorant.
I think Harbor’s just limited in ranked by the fact that he’s a controller that has to be near the execute but has three fucking smokes. 

All the other controllers have some way to stall or take advantageous fights, but Harbor gameplay is literally just throwing up a smoke and then throwing up a smoke again. There’s very little space for solo plays outside of just clicking on heads quicker than your opponent. This is fine in pro matches, where Harbor has seen actual play, but ranked is literally just 20 rounds of solo plays, so Harbor’s way harder to make work.

The two other controllers with the least active fighting utility, Viper and Astra, don’t have this problem because their smokes allow for them to lurk Their weakness in the executes is offset by the fact that they don’t need to actually be part of said executes.
I don’t think on top of each other would ever happen, cuz then how would brim ever deploy smokes, a work around for that just seems complicated.
Don’t go one more u missed the interview
This shit on Abyss would be a wet dream
Skill issue. (I eat every flash and die, but when the fake flash comes, I win)
*snip snip*
Fnatic manager here...
My favorite is StuckOnTheRailz he’s genuinely funny and a nice chill guy

My least is definitely TENZ. It is because I personally asked him if he liked Burger King and he responded to me saying it was “nasty slop”. I have not watched his content since
Me and my daughter reckon Reyna says “ let the crumb begin “
In ranked itd be reyna at all ranks in pro play it'd be a lot of viper, and probably cypher or killjoy. Teams could theoretically target ban a dive duelist or other key character if they dont play them, ie heretics could ban jett/raze because miniboo plays neon, but i doubt thatd be a common occurrence and youd just ban whatever is the strongest/most prevalent character on the map.
Tbh it's fine, it takes all the fun out of it when it's a job LOL
there was no iso in my team. i was sage and they were specifically talking to me. despite me literally clicking everything in the store or requesting for guns just in case they wanted a skin
I don't know, radiants streams constantly showcase players trying to ego clutch in both teams.
Yeah makes sense, I really like this character design actually, and I think it’s gonna make people want to play smokes so whatever I’m for it
I know that it is some kind of play on another popular joke about crossing a Norwegian and a Swede (deadlock is Norwegian and breach is Swedish) however I cannot figure out the reason why he switched it. 

The original is “What do you get when you cross a norwegian and a swede? A socialist who wants to be king!”
85 dollars. I got araxys vandal, recon phantom, and reaver karambit
Ethical free range phantom sprays. Farm fresh and organic.
If this is 100 percent accurate then this is next level broken in one v one clutch
LMAO
5 confirmed kills against other fighter pilots I imagine, dunno if they'd still call you ace if you dropped a civil craft
Send it in to riot, we need better :(
Yeah he did almost throw the round but Sova also didn’t make a smart play cuz he should have waited for the plant before peeking. My guess for this guy’s rank is gold
Hes just coping after falling to ascendant on his "climb to radiant" 3 to 4 times now like anyone else lol.
try giving it to the initiator see what happens
Dont mean to flame u or anything but why mark it a spoiler if ur title gives it away.
Probably a bug. The explosion is supposed to continue doing damage as long as you’re in it otherwise Reyna should be able to survive this too when she uses dismiss
in 2000 hours, ive seen 2 cheaters
Plus reyna doesn’t need to start on top of nest. Right when the warm up timer hits 00:00, I like to start jumping off the blue box and you can get to nest so much quicker.
Bronze 1-2
No clue lol. If I had to assume, I would think you can dodge it. There's probably a wind up time before it catches you. And if it does catch you, I have wishful thinking that you have to sit and watch the full animation before the death occurs, since no one is around to break it. Could make for some funny clutches if Deadlock lands it too late in the round or something lol.
Blackbeard on release flashbacks all over again...
woohoojin
im more concerned with the knife tbh. last year was a flop so imhoping for a great one.
i buy a sheriff if i rlly have to force i buy a guardian or bulldog
A crosshair might help
Yes, I'm also bronze and it really does happen occasionally that you wonder whether some players are playing without a headset.
A wife that doesnt make fun of you or give you shit for a hobby you enjoy, and makes you a cake regarding hobby. You won in life! Congrats buddy! Wish yall the best
the mmr system in dm is very exaggerated, so if an iron does good in a very low elo lobby they are put in higher elo lobbies, and if a high elo player does bad in a higher elo game, then they are put into lower elo lobbies. a combination of these factors and low player count leads to this
Cloud9:

"The Yamcha of Valorant. That's all you need to know."
That is valid. It's crazy how expensive it is to buy and fully upgrade one skin lol
Ion bucky is the strongest bucky.
By now, I guess no one's gonna believe what rank it is
Welcome to Valorant
holy crap, mine was like 3 bro
Really? I think the exact opposite. Valorant is changing constantly, which I like. New agents, maps, reworks, etc.  


CSGO on the other hand... I just booted cs2 up for the first time in literally years, and other than a few extremely minor things it's literally the same exact game I played 10 years ago. Everyone is playing the same maps, with the same games, with (almost) the exact same utility.   


Yeah custom servers are nice, but that's not really valve's doing its the community. And even then the vast majority of the playerbase doesn't actually use that feature, most play MM.
If you have to think about it then you dont need it. yeah it looks good but do YOU really need it
in no particular order for me, 

reaver, prime, forsaken, prelude to chaos, rgx.

they all hit diff at different times throughout each act/episode. currently running yellow rgx.
Which is dumb. The best coaches are rarely top tier players themselves. You want Andy Reid coaching you, not Patrick Mahomes.
The answer is no. 

Someone list all the Woohoojin videos beneath me.
And it also recharges itself right?
It said i did a total of 305 damage on Gekko😅
This 100% has started happening to me too this act. I thought I was just trippin to be honest but after it happened again and again I finally decided to clip it and watch back. 100% bullet hit and blood splatter but combat report said no hits, no damage.
Many people find the gun frustrating due to its very high damage per hit, good fire rate, low cost, and ***high wall penetration.***

In all regards other than recoil, spread, etc, this gun can (on paper) outclass any other weapon that's more expensive (Aside from the op).

So many people will feel that this is a cheap way of playing and that it's 'unfair'.

As you likely know, it's perfectly possible to shoot an ares, a 1600 cost gun, through a wall and damage an entire team and score kills, just knowing a lineup where they may be camping, etc. It's a good suppression tool, and some people don't know how to deal with it.

The reality is it's a balanced gun. It's cheeky to solo an ares, and so some people will feel it's a d\*ck move if you succeed with one many repetitive rounds, rather than playing the game 'the way it was meant to be played', with actual strategy around buy and eco rounds, perhaps choosing a gun based on your role on the team, etc.

The same people will get upset with people who take a bucky and camp 3 feet from a corner. (Something i actually prefer doing with a stinger :D )

Anyways, in terms of practical usefulness, the things many people look for in a gun, they don't find in the ares. I would say the ares is a tool, just like the op. It has a specific purpose and it won't be the best for many of the tasks that need to be accomplished, but it does one thing ***very*** well, and that is controlling and suppressing an area and presenting a threat.
Yes, I was wondering why the video is still continuing. But then he gets two more nice kills.
That's not Iso ult sucking, that's the Iso using it sucking.
It’s iron, no one really understands the game. killjoy is not a bad agent.
xdd they are clueless af then, tell them to cap their fps to less than 50 so they relate
He's probably the default fallback agent in the code for if something goes wrong while rendering idk
From how much his lines talk about listening to music, I wouldn't be surprised if they were just Airpods, or their equivalent item in the VALORANT Universe... Kingdom pods?

Then again, nothing explicitly says they *aren't* special tech that helps him with his radiant powers, or something else of the sort. Idk how likely that would be tho, since there isn't much to suggest it either
one time my duo was playing some random agent and not his main and he whiffed or baited me i forget and i said “bro this pheonix is so fucking bad” and then i relaized and we both started laughing
Goddamn everyone wants cypher out
that would be horrendous and hilarious game design. Press X Again to die an unceremonious death...
And Kayo going “call me a toaster again” after he clutches a round.
I think omen's strong neutral game outweighs his ult and that's fine. Why does his ult need to be stronger?
Am i in a valo fever dream
Because half of the time the moment I open my mouth and my teammates realize I’m a girl all hell breaks loose and suddenly I’m throwing for being female :/
Was very polite of that Brim to let you plant.
people generally want one agent of each role in their team. if you pick deadlock, youre not fulfilling a role.
I saw that they changed a few things on like split and icebox especially. I hope they dont change too many things because I think haven was perfect
I play all game modes, level 300 silver consistently. I'm also 38 so it's hard to go up against kids 20 years younger. Still fun to win half the time so I keep playing. Also I can afford skins now so... There's that.
No idea who kaemi is or what he does
They might. But who cares? Play who you want to play.
Hey now!

Fade still looks ~~hot as fuck~~ cool to me!
add sage too cause they’re toxic asf + jenna name means they’re a girl, most girls i see in bronze basically only play sage, jett, reyna, with a fair amt of other roles but mostly sage or reyna
you dont like the pet rock?
woohoojin
That’s the neat thing.

It doesn’t.
This. Though I do have the urge to point out they're near the same rank as me...
Riot doesn't care about smurfs. At all. They love smurfing and anyone who doesn't love smurfing needs to learn how to play, or so I'm told.
The recoil recovery is also better for the Guardian. Sometimes that helps you hit the 2nd shot faster. It also helps that the first bullet accuracy is better....
Especially with it’s long ass cooldown when destroyed
A lot of players are not accustomed to smoke plays (in low elo at least). As an Omen main, I find them walking into my smokes while I camp in them.

Basic smoke plays like, smoking right infront of you and forcing the enemy to guess from where I might pop out - many are not able to outplay this.

You can just smoke at a random spot on the map and tp in it. The enemy won't even bother thinking "Why is that smoke there?" As soon as you hear them near, "Surprise mf!"
40% of the time the game will be lost no matter how you do, 40% of the time you will win no matter how you do and 20% of the time you have the power to decide how the game ends
Happened to me in swiftplay today, just mute them.
It's the Radiant Entertainment System Power Fist at 5,950 VP. The ones below it are all knives like Oni Katana/Spectrum Waveform. Not counting knives that come free in bundles, it's the Radianite Entertainment System guns at 2,975 VP. VCT Champions knives were 5,350 VP each.
Someone leaked gameplay so they had to post it early 💀
Yesterday in a 1v1, deadlock on my team used ult on an enemy. According to her ult, the enemy should've died after reaching the end. But mf just popped out of it and starts to shoot our deadlock. Lucky they were on an eco and our deadlock reacted fast enough to kill the enemy.
That E sends a slime-like projectile to blind your eyes and its aoe, he got blinded by projectile that targeted u
Start without moving, make shooting clean before adding stuff.
Odin it is then
Use "C" to shoot
It is critical to defend the spike until the enemy team no longer has time to defuse.

If you have to die to the explosion to win the round, it'll always be worth it, but if you can manage to escape in time it's very good to keep your gun/shield.
Can you explain to an ignorant please?
cypher vs neon enters the chat
3 - 0 is just insane! PRX, what happened?!
You can hate him for "from iron to radiant using a classic" for obvious smurf content. 

But this is just absurd, he doesn't play chamber/ Jett, and isn't well setup by the team to get frags.
"What makes them think harassing your teammates makes them play better?"

I'm not a girl, but wow, I can relate to that one. 

Also, you'll find it being smurfs/high elo players who dropped to low elo or hardstuck players who are doing it routinely.

I'm not sure where guys get this mindset that bullying/being toxic to a girl will do anything positive to your mental image. It really doesn't. It's just a shitty JasonR attitude towards women in the game. 

I'm positive that none of these guys are sexist. They just don't go outside much.
I was stuck in diamond for about 3 acts. What changed was I played less and focused on improvingmy weaknesses.
I mean yeah you can see it’s pretty low like ?
I would add one of those flat escalator things in airports to defenders spawn and an unskipable ad if you try to enter halls.
I just tried to log in and it says “couldn’t install a required dependency”… tried restarting computer to no avail
as a raze main who didn’t learn after the first 7 rounds that double satcheling onto *the same site* doesn’t work, i love “i’m lurking” before i do it an 8th time
good job dude, every agent has a learning curve, but keep playing and you’ll be insane. good luck on the grind
Never played against a healer?
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take, you can win a 1v2 or even a 1v3 in the right circumstances, so it shouldn’t always be “I’m at a disadvantage, I have to save”
I wouldn’t recommend using a controller on this game, using a joystick with no aim assist against a mouse doesn’t make much sense.
Great time to experiment lmaooo
Whaaa whaaa  whaaaaaaaa. And little did he know this decision would cost him.
The entire point of the gun is to counter the small shield/ rifle meta...
It wasn't enough to destroy the wall so 8 left is still faster
4:3 ratio basically. so you lose visibility on the edges of your screen but everything in the middle is bigger.

Its something that people who played the older CS games a lot tend to be obsessed with but no one else will ever want.
Give us some Frozone from the incredibles type agent. I'm tryna slide into site while simultaneously icing off chokes. Lmaoo his ult can be a blizzard of some kind that reduces visibility and slows enemys.. maybe it could do something unique as well like freeze the round time for 15 seconds🥶
Now that I think about it , why in the world they let sage go to the battle field , if anyone dies just bring the body to her , but if she dies who will bring her back ?
Yeah, I said the same too until the kuronami knife appeared in my shop. Folded so fucking fast and now I’ve sunk hundreds easily. It just takes one shiny enough thing to get ya.
I would also orb pillar in order to create more space and not let them swing from 2 places at onec
its... literally a normal name... other nationalities exist... other languages exist... its not even super rare 😭♡
One thing people forget: people take breaks and people come back from breaks. 

You're going to bump into plenty of these players as they get reacquainted with the game. They're going to suck at placements and drop. They're going to take a few games to get back to near their peak rank. 

This whole toxicity started from trackers revealing a player's peak rank. It's no longer useful information anymore. They should remove it. 

It's hilarious reading so many people butthurt on reddit and in-game. Like I suck now. Sorry I'm no longer immortal. Sorry I'm in your lobby. Guess what? I deserve to be where you are cause I'm no longer good!
Long running joke about Riot promising a replay system then going radio silemt on it for a couple years. Thankfully, recently they have released a video showing it is at least in development.
They look pretty cool to me; every lineup is situational, and are usually more useful in organized settings where you have teammates who can play off of them and/or have specific strategies you're using. Try them in game and see how you like them
My favourites are: hey, that’s me over there, heh, now I can kick my own ass

“Looks like they dragged chamber out of his corner office, I can smell his cologne from here”
If there’s a skin I really like I’ll ask for it when we’re both in spawn but if they tell me to stop I will. Skins are nice to have and I am to broke to buy my own. But ultimately it’s just different colored pixels on a screen so I’m not sure why people take it to suck absurd levels.
I use outlaw as my go-to round 2 buy if we win pistol round. In general it's better if the enemy team has low eco

If you're absolutely cracked you can use it even when they are full buy and try to get two rapid headshot kills, but that's risky and the guardian is a safer pick
we need people to see this
Yeah, people really underestimate the responsiveness of the Rapid Trigger keyboards.   
   
Your inputs follow your fingers at all times. I know this sounds obvious, but it's kind of a profound change. (Once you dial it in) the keyboard effectively has no actuation point. You're removing all delay related to the actuation point.   
   
SOCD is still useful, too. At that point you're removing a reasonable portion of all movement error created by your fingers. If you press the direction, you move that direction, no overlap.
Can't wait to do a lot of movement and slide off the map( I'm a neon main)


Also can't wait to get bodyblocked everywhere


Like I've had that tiktok of temet bodyblocking grumpy happen to me twice already, and I've only played that map once like wtf
even the full speed clip is SO very obvious that the shot was early. The tracer might be confusing to a noob I guess, but I've played enough to tell that felt like an early shot, and it was :/
You’ve got the literal math thanks to another comment, but I wanted to bring up a couple of hints she might be faster than what we’re allowed to move in game. Brimstone has a line to Jett at the start of a round that ends in the comment “don’t want you spraining an ankle at 90 miles per hour.” There’s also a player card that shows Jett and Neon racing. So if Jett can move that fast and Neon is willing to race her then theoretically Neon can hit 90mph or above in lore.
I think you forgot to turn your brain on this morning
Well ares is better than spectre at long ranged fights, because of lower damage drop off and no fire rate decrease when ADSing, as well as high penetration rounds so you can more. easily kill your enemies when they go behind spammable cover.

Or maybe people just like machine guns idk
The first time someone instalocks your favorite agent, then bot frags/throws the game.
>What agent is the most easy to switch to for someone like me whose playstyle revolves around information and catching lurks.

So it sounds like you don't want an entry duelist? 

I think Yoru requires the most amount of map awareness, but I feel like at Gold it might be a very difficult pick to do well with... you have to devote a lot of time to learning

I know you don't like Phoenix but that's probably who I'd pick for you lol
he's a little confused, but he got the spirit
Think it depends on what rank you play, the past 2 months i played with and vs 3 obvious cheaters. Its quite obvious whos legit and whos not when you are spectating them, cheaters have dog shit movement and crosshair placement while at the same time prefiring everyone despite that. I play in mid immo elo on apac.
Ifkr? I should go pro lmao
Ja Hadja fun
If the mechanic is easy then you dont need to spend 1000 hrs. Do you even know what easy means? Doing a surgery is easy if you spend 1000 hrs on it.
Prime. Why? Aimbot
Shes in the same spot.  Still a fine pick if you know what you're doing.
Clove is going to replace a duelist before they replace a controller. 

Any map in pro play that had two duelists will now have one duelist and clove.
Omen viper for the win, 2 of the most impactful characters in the game
I thought the higher I climbed I’d stop getting smurfs, or at least get less, but although the impact they have on the game lessens the higher you go, it’s still smurfs all the way so far. Kinda amazing really. Can’t wait till I get good enough to constantly play with people of the same skill level.
I believe another reason is so people who design and test cheats can't operate in an unobserved sandbox. Yes, Vanguard is always active and watching, but Riot still needs game server data in some situations. Anyone who wants to cheat in Valorant is basically forced to provide that data even if they refine their "product" in the range
If you put a hardstuck diamond player in silver they will climb back to diamond no problem. If you can't get out of plat it's because you don't have the skill level to reach diamond. There are no other reasons. Practice.
Use whatever you want unless its breeze
Your friends are probably just being nice to you. If what they're really saying is true, the game would recognize it so you get more rrs in your wins and don't lose much rrs when you lose. Even if you're only around 50 wr, you should still easily climb.

TLDR: I think you're just stuck rightfully in bronze
I was gonna try create it for you and send the code but once I saw that abomination of a crosshair you want I cannot in good conscience try.
Bruh just change scroll wheel up to primary and set scroll down to knife or the opposite way around if that’s more comfortable.
It’s because there’s enough idiots out there that are somehow more willing to spend cockpoints and cum upgrades instead of just paying upfront.

Also it allows them to set the price at 2300 cockpoints but only sell at 500 point increments so that you’ll have some leftover cockpoints
Future you is looking back into the past and holding their wrist begging you to lower your sens
Feels OP to have a sniper that's good up close, but I'm not sure what else it could be. Maybe a faster firing but less accurate mode?
im ascendant 3 and im ngl it honestly feels weird calling myself high elo knowing how big the gap starts getting between higher ranks. maybe its because im higher rank but i feel like a iron - bronze isnt that big of a difference but an ascendant to immortal is massive (at least what i've experienced)
They want you to play KJ or Cypher
If you haven't used the agent yet, you can still request a refund here:
https://support-valorant.riotgames.com/hc/en-us/articles/360045674593-How-to-Request-a-Refund-VALORANT-Player-Support

I may or may not have made the same mistake.
Which is why it can be so annoying to be a controller player. When you do your job right, it’s like you’re invisible. It’s not like a good flash or stun where the enemy is visibly affected and can’t shoot back properly. 

When an enemy is smoked off, they can’t see you and you can’t see them, so unless they push out, they might as well not be there. So a good controller often goes severely unnoticed and his teammates generally don’t pick up on the nuance at all. 

A bad controller, though, painfully obvious.
Me who always bottom frags.
>this one can be played without memorizing lineups 

Flair checks out
I like Cypher’s design (absolutely no bias whatsoever)
Almost, I’ve been silver and bronze for a very very long time but at the time of recording the clip I was gold 1
Technically yes, but I think it's pretty rare. Firstly, to see an Omen try to clutch a 1v4 or 1v5, I'd just save the ult at that point. Secondly, in a 4v4 or 3v4, to convince several players give up full map control just to sit on the spike together. It's a terrible play lol
I love how everyone is bullying Riot to make a replay system on every social media post they make.
There’s no way this is bronze, if this was guess the rank, I would say at least plat 2. My low diamond lobbies don’t have your skill level sometimes.
Even if you didn't let go it just means you died frame perfectly, literally a server tick away from having it. You can find some other examples of it over the years [like this ](https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/k1s3zr/i_defused_the_spike_to_0000/)or [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/r6ihq4/negative_0000_spike_timer/) .
hahaha, i feel you bro and the best way to improve at gamesense is recording your own matches and reviewing them later LMAO i know right seems crazzzyyy but yeah it works, and HAHAHA ONE MORE THING ALMOST FORGOT, watching players better than you also works ROFL
Don’t get me started with the people that have a speaker system. Like great you can hear the bass from the breach footsteps at c site but that’s not helpful if you don’t know where they are pushing from.
is your crosshair not centred on your screen like wtf lol
 redirecting my anger and making a quick wank.
Wait Chinese valorant has a replay system?
my friend yelled “ this cyper is such SH*T “ sooo loud and went on a whole tangent and my friend and i were DYING in discord cus he had no idea the cyper could hear him RAGING his ass off
it was definitely a soul-searching cry
For me, Cypher isn't ratty because the definition of a rat is someone who catches people by surprise, someone who lurks behind boxes and in cubbies, places you might get too complacent or are too time-limited to clear.

Cypher doesn't do this. His rat setups follow him around. When there's a Cypher on the enemy team and B is quiet and you see 3 or more on A, you know you are walking into Cypher's territory. Cypher doesn't "rat" when he fights you in his setup, that's like calling a KJ setup ratty. You know he's there, hiding somewhere. You know he has trips down. You know cages will go up. It's not ratting anymore if you just walk into his killzone, it's just stupidity. Calling Cypher a rat is like calling satchel Judge Razes rats.
Joshseki and Keeoh both make great videos, but suggesting them as small YouTubers is insane
It’s a reference to a streamer who was caught cheating and blamed it on their friend Clara

https://youtu.be/MXmPqKDWQOA?si=I31P2kDAGTvZO8WR
that backwards slide on the Breach was filthy
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJgapAU-AXk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJgapAU-AXk)
Everyone knows if you don't reach immortal after 100 hours you must uninstall the game.
Bro I am ascendant 3 with headshot percentage of 10%
Duelist that clears space then dies>>>>"duelist" that lurks or sits behind like a pussy waiting to bait a teammate
> if the win is worth it then keep playing and just ignore, if it's not worth it then just mute that person

This is a very common misconception. Muting toxic people actually increases your chances of winning, not the other way around.

Turns out the distraction, tilt, and mental stress listening to toxic comms entails is not worth it for what little "info" they provide (which is most often 0 if they are being toxic).
Scoring first bloods untraded is almost always the most impactful thing you can do in a round, with pro stats having 5v4 winrates sitting up at like 70+% for many teams currently attending Shanghai
Cyphers trips remained active after he died. 😍
Feel bad for Monyet but as a Raze main I'm very excited to watch Jinggg play again.
wingman wanted you to get half
>The only two things that seem ripped off are the magepunk phantom and the cartridge magazine.

I feel like a cartridge magazine is a pretty obvious addition if you're making an arcade themed skin. And even if that idea really was taken from the fan project, everything else is different enough that it doesn't really matter.
tbh you should be happy you got the iron one because it's more of a flex when you get to a higher rank than a bronze one lol
forward should have stayed the same imo
They're identical no?

I always try to stand as close as safely possible when running away from the bomb.

I've never died when past the audio range.
write "behind you" in all chat
the online community might be absolute ass cancer and the WORST community ive ever been in / seen but yeah the people you'll find in the game itself are very polite and nice
So nobody's talking about the sound sensor? This trailer had it set off by a spike defusal, so just the threat of it complicates those clutch situations. Having an automated breach stun that isn't triggered until their execute starts probably has a bunch of applications that couldn't be done by any existing trips. Not to mention how well it synergizes with her wall forcing out entire clips from rifles. I'm looking forward to trying her out.
Trading guns with top frag sure, but if you’re buying everyone and going in with a classic you’re even less useful than if you aren’t hitting your shots
As a sentinel player, particularly Killjoy, I despise this a lot. With a passion.
Harbor main. 

Tip for: get your team talking and use the walls to divide, not fully block the enemy to isolate good fights for your team. Do not play like a sentinel or you will get run down and over. 

Against: See that gap, find that little cubby behind our wall. We've known, it's a trap.
Real
Shot his ass... literally
Gold or plat
because low elo brim is a mind-numbing experience, and thats a lot of peoples only experience
Theres no point to any game... you have to create your own illusions
1. Ruskie
2. Anticheat way better
3. visibility - colored overlay on agents makes fights rely on skill. I don't feel like in the eye doctor office who checks if I can spot gray character on gray background
4. Shooting is easier
5. Tickrate is higher (this will change when CS2 will be released)
6. Less weapons and same weapons for both teams - equal chances and no problems with balancing teams
7. RR - when playing comps you gain or loose RR so you know where are you with your rank.
8. No 5-stacks vs randoms.
9. In Valorant playing solo/duo actually is playable. Very often when I was playing CSGO with friends we did not play if we couldn't find full squad.
bros playing odin reyna than say he can only carry so much lmao
Same, CANT stand that. Just be present and try to win.
Just hold an area of the map. Like say on fracture you spawn in A main. Navigate around a main while pre aiming like you would in an actual game and control the area. You can also just run around but I only do that when I'm not actually training aim.
Some skins have a placebo effect, the animation and gun sounds make the gun feel better .
Me when i spread misinformation on the interner
It would be interesting to see the results if this were reworked to use the average accuracy for a typical user. I don't play Valorant anymore so not sure if this data is actually available anywhere though.
If you're really ready to break the addiction you need to get rid of your PC. Recovering alcoholics don't keep liquor in their house because they won't be able to stop from using.

You might need someone else to come and take your PC if you can't remove it from your house yourself. 

This should be your first step. Get a shitty lap top for school work. Nobody is going pro on a shit chromebook connected through wifi you wont be playing val from that. 

Get rid of your PC. 



Get rid of your PC.
Because the more immature side of this community will do everything in their power to not put in effort for anything less than an outright stomp.
Reaver was one of the first skins to release (and it was the first skin designed in the beta run back when they hadn't implemented skins in the game). So you can understand why it became such a popular skin when it dropped (especially among the beta users). Also, it looks cool (not too gaudy, yet not too plain), it doesn't feel too heavy, it sounds amazing and has a good finisher. It is one of the best skins out there. In the end it is a matter of personal preference, but I believe reaver is not overrated. I'll tell you what's overrated, it's Elder flame (only because it feels too heavy and  sometimes is even distracting, but it has a beautiful design just not what I'd expect on a gun and good finisher). I'd have bought elder flame only if my potato pc didn't lag everytime I tried to reload it lol.
Cheating doesn't mean they will get insane KDA or HS%, they could be just testing if a cheat works/is detected. Definitely just reach out to Riot just in case your account does get banned bc of this person
- Sage
- Omen? (Not sure about this one)
- Fade
- Gekko (Not sure either)
Astra

As: Master your minimap game sense, seeing an enemy on the mini map and then stunning them can get you huge assist value.

Against: Don't stand in the same spot on site every round. We will throw a suck or stun there and you'll probably be fucked.
No. Any map that you would normally play a dome smoker on you can play Clove. I wouldn't replace Viper on Icebox or Breeze though. But the other maps you should be fine in a single controller setup.
Faster activation and enemies would have to aim at the ground to destroy it, taking their crosshair away from your head.
They add anything BUT a replay system lmao
From what i understand, Omen gets scattered across time/space multiple times, multiple realities, etc. Phoenix's is a very self-sufficient thing. He pops his ult, and when he dies - he doesn't. Clove's different in the sense that she goes to whatever realm they go when they die. Clove can essentially communicate/travel to the afterlife, unlike everyone else.
In gold 2, I do decently against golds. Next match 2 diamonds 3 platinums on the other team. How
Yeah I hate those maps so much
Lmfao yeah I guess maybe you wouldn’t assume that if you were new 😭 can imagine some minds have been blown by that realization
in the last 16 matches of bind i’ve won 2… yea i hate this map rotation
For a second I thought “but we already have a Norwegian agent in Sova” but quickly realized that’s just because I connect Sova with averagejonas..
Let them spam until they use all ammo, those things take forever to reload. Push when they reload and take advantage of your mobility. Never dry peek the op have someone blind/nearsight. Apply pressure and get info with your utils. 

Or do a late rotate, they're gonna have a hard time retaking with those guns. Also, try not to reveal your location with your footsteps, they'll spam you til the next day
I disagree. Friendly fire work is cs because there aren’t 10 pieces of utility being used at the same time. It would be way too common of an occurrence in val.
That’s what every thread about this topic is. People just say I’d rather have this or have that and everyone agrees but everyone knows Riot prices like this because it works and makes money. Just pointless rehashing the same topic over and over
usually you say that in the context of sports where coaches cannot play due to physical constraints, not rlly applicable in valo, I see ur point tho
Mess up your 1 way smoke? Oh well, now you just get flamed by tms the rest of the round instead of being able to move it
Well glad that got settled. Based on other comments it also says unrated in patch notes, will that be fixed as well?
It is very important that you maintain your good crosshair placemet habits. A radiant ranks up to radiant by playing like a radiant, and not by practicing bad habits to “counter” the lower ranked players. The fact that you’re not ranking up simply means the other aspects of your gameplay aren’t good enough, and you’ll rank up once you improves. Also, you should know that ranking up is slow, so it is best to be patient and now mind too much about your rank. Good habits will pay off in the long run. Good luck :)
100 percent. I do the same with someone saying we lost the round cuz of me. Even if that’s not really how it went down lol. I’m just like “yeah my bad shoulda won that” everyone takes it better than the alternative lol
Run customs with infinite abilities, you won't regret it
Can't be worse than Odin-cypher wallbangs
Then these people come to play and realize wait I can't just run it down mid and win
this works majority of the time yes
Vandal skins sell more so it makes sense from a business perspective.
it's so hard to just aim for one skin lol  


I got several on my wishlist, and I buy whichever come first
If there is one thing Riot can be proud of, it's their anticheat. It is near perfect.
I fricking love the skin. Though the knife, when you take it out, takes up half of your screen. Like wth
People just do it to inflate their own egos. What they really want to say is “anyone below my rank is low elo”.
Hey nice work
Yea this is what I do, my goal isn't to ruin the game for the enemy it's to make it possible for us to enjoy a game together

It gets boring if I ask for shit and just run it down there's no fun for anyone there, nobody likes getting carried and for sure not getting stomped
yeah that makes him so flexible on a round to round basis. making space and helping pinch on fast coordinated executes, duelist. setting up teammates with his flashes and decoy, initiator. he’s virtually a hybrid in that sense, and thats valuable. also same ult points as gekko’s ult but an indestructible sova drone.
shrinkflation
How does your 3 year old sit still? Mine gets bored after 1 kill and decides its time to mash the keyboard
A man who makes a mistake on an elevator makes a mistake on many levels.
If someone has a knife finisher, what are the chances they don’t already have finishers on their guns?   
  
Who is going for a knife kill just to get the finisher that wouldn’t be going for a knife kill just for the lols anyway?
I dont even buy smgs anymore. 
Do i have money?
Yes -> Bulldog, Guardian
No -> Sheriff, Marshall
Specifically, there’s a habit of saying just “CT” for Defender Spawn and the whole “T Spawn” for Attacker Spawn. 

You hear “CT Spawn” as well but I don’t think I’ve ever heard anyone say like “2 T”, it’s always “2 T Spawn”. Conversely, I’ve heard “2 CT” as shorthand for “2 (at) CT Spawn” a lot.
Yeah lmao it offers no advantage
I'm just asking a genuine question. If she's in Japan then cool, I thought she was in the US with Tyson
What growth lmao, he never once addressed or admitted his mistakes. He only did so after getting caught, he was still referring to himself as a radiant 5 days prior to getting exposed. He would have continued to profited off of his lie if he weren’t to be caught 

You meat riders are crazy
yall realize this is a cs pasta?
yeah, prime adds 10% damage reduction and spectrum adds 20% right click accuracy boost
Phoenix doesn’t die to water , otherwise he would die just from being close to harbour . Because harbour controls an artifact that has an aura of water around it which allows him to control water .
Yea you can't focus on the game and being funny/looking at the chat. (Speaking from experience)
The game is just balanced differently unfortunately. I love the awp in cs too but it’s a lot easier to counter with flashes mollys and smokes because you get more of them. The op in valorant is not very fun to play
i maintain sage ice should cover up mollies
They have changed a few UI elements for increased readability. Maybe it's one of them
if people are getting salty about unranked games they seriously need to see a psychiatrist or therapist lol. i can only barely understand when people start malding in ranked, like if you’re about to lose a promotion game i’d get it if someone got upset over their teammate’s performance. people really need to learn to work on their anger management
Woohoojin didnt just call a play stupid, he belittled the player and called them stupid. He admits to it in the video.
Give or take unfortunately, the alternative would be something like BattleEye or EAC which are more forgiving - but seem to have many more cheats as well.
and then theres the 5v5 loosing 0-4 vote surrender
there was a jett player card you could only get by watching a stream on the asian version of twitch. i’ve only seen it a couple of times and i learned about it right after the live stream ended
Mumbai is fun with people who live in South India and metropolitan cities, most village dudes are cringe
Ascendant 1 peak. Float around diamond 3-ascendant 1.
I trash talk, towards the end of the game and I have no hopes of winning. I play to both chill and win after work. I have 0 aspirations to go pro or stream.

I am competitive at heart, and I can keep it in check. What really irritates me are stupid plays and constant bad choices. 

You’re 5/15 but you’re trying and your aim is just poor? Using utility well? That’s fine. 0 issue.

You’re 5/15 and you’re going for the flank for the 6th time in a row and dying early on and doing nothing useful? I’m getting annoyed.

The main difference that makes me mad is when people aren’t able to learn from their poor choices. Like when insects are drawn to the electric traps. 
Committing to poor plays over and over and NOT learning irritates me because how dumb are you in real life, that you can’t learn after failure multiple times? 

So I ask them, “why?” Literally that’s it. I ask why they made that choice or why do they continue to make it POLITELY and they get upset. They start saying “lagot” and continue to be stupid so I get toxic. Also just terrible/no comms piss me off too to be fair. I’d like at least a map ping.

TLDR: I don’t trash talk my teammates unless they get upset that I called them out on their poor plays by asking why when they make the same stupid choices.
He doesn’t he just stares at cameras all day
For half a second I thought this was the F1 Sub. Always nice to see Kimi.
Completely agree. It feels weird getting second top frag but the victory screen places me at the back like I did nothing
2 walls for phoenix and kills extend ult
> even sage if necessary

There's no situation in the game where sage is necessary.
The one frame of the Breach flash just as you peeked him is priceless XD
Clomen
hahahahahah
no, stop rushing A main or B main every single round
Only other option unfortunately
Yea, i considered val, cs, ow, and r6 to be in their own realm compared to games like cod, battlefield
they're all cringe tbh
if you explore neon techs, they are much harder imo in terms of movement
Grimaced
I was late to the Elden Ring train so when I started playing it last year and got to the first merchant I was like "Wait, is that...?"

(It was)
Sorry bro I was born a few hours ago my apologies.
not to forget many people just straight up throw in Xv1 situations which makes them very winnable
I second this. Brim steps are noticeably different as well
Graffitis were one of the few things I absolutely adore Valve for doing, though Riot is doing these kinds of commemorations through player cards, sprays and whatnot. But I still would've preferred it if the iconic plays in valorant history were immortalized in maps instead.  
  (Kinda off topic here but I thought it would also be really cool if they named callouts after the most iconic players that played in those spots/areas)
See, you underestimate my ability to whiff.

In all seriousness tho I totally agree, if you prepare and play around it a game isn't completely lost if an enemy is smurfing.
&#x200B;

&#x200B;

that's not a skin its a pacifier
Bro I just had an omen throw the game because I asked him to smoke CT. "Don't you f***ing tell me what to do gekko. Don't complain about me when we're winning"

People are mad I'm trying to comm in a team game.
Brazilian lesbian
Rioters? Smoking? I'm taking my children to Roblox goodbye
this is a problem w every elo 😭
Judging by your comment, i bet others mute you too. Probably a LOT.
Aren't they used to buy agents now?
WHAT
You’re HIM
game bad everyones head hitbox should be like cypher after he ults
ur smoking something real good
Not only on YouTube but on every social media handles they have. Any new announcement or general posts will have an army of people asking about the replay system.
Listen the rank that you see are all fake, it's the hidden MMR that counts.
>She’s the only initiator who can be played solo.

Hold my arrow
I think the problem is that diamond and asc talk shit about themself and say they’re bad. In reality you are significantly better than the rest of the VAL population. Maybe not compared to immortal or radiant but like better than 95%+ of players.

You can’t be a complete casual and get to ASC+.

Because of this, I think dia/asc is high elo
The timer is for the period in which clove is in ghost form and unable to shoot.
If you dk what you are doing, yr enemy doesn’t know what you are doing
You're cooked mate he had shield. The orb breaking animation is just slower. Bullets don't actually travel lmao
emotional damage
It says " **oops!** We couldn't find that page" :(
That’s how friendships start :D
I hate how dehumanizing it is when women get drawn and their breast's are out of character gigantic. Women are more than just boob's with faces.
Some of the battlepass skins aren't actually bad, and a lot of the buddies are honestly sick. Just saying, that free lotus buddy is absolutely gorgeous for this act's battlepass.
i mean theyve clearly enlarged her chest lmfao and her hips are disproportionate to her size. no one has a waist that small with a chest that big and hips that big, not without modification or idk maybe super lucky genetics
Why would you say you were diamond in the title of the post then
350 and call it a day
it's a coin flip until mid immortal
Couldn't agree more. I'm higher Elo now, but when I was lower and watching my friends play in Bronze / Silver is so demoralising for them.

Plus, I used to be a Viper main. I'm still bitter Viper has had 5 nerfs whilst Reyna has had 0.
how is this "broken"?  
its just chamber doing chamber stuff, headhunter is a pocket guardian and the outlaw is the outlaw.
or you can pull out wingman and look up and down really fucking fast while holding W. congratulations you have now unlocked the chicken peek
A site is a clusterfuck of corners and elevations and mid is annoying to both push and hold for both teams, I don't hate it but I definitely don't enjoy it
That is indeed a big. I had found that you can phase through the door but it did not damage back than and the devs told me they fixed it
I agree heavy, a good sova can be really cringe and it doesn’t take too much precision to spam odin through a wall. And god knows using an odin is the fastest way to tilt the enemy team lol 

Though, I do encourage op to actually practice gunplay if they want to improve in a ranked aspect, since it’s important
Same with me. I still buy a vandal but when I switched to guardian for a few deathmatches I won 3 out of 4 
You like dealing with random abilities and orbs everywhere and random guns? 

Vs a more realistic game situation in swift play. I mean do what you like but that’s kind of wild. 
i have had multiple 12 game winstreaks but never more than 12, however i have had a 17 game lose streak before aswell
Worth submitting a ticket. Riot support is chill as hell, wouldn’t be surprised if they could make something happen.
U prob were cheating or had weird program on puter
While eating pigs in a blanket in a blanket.
If it was me, i would have tried to one tap skye while she was moving, fail then get one killed.
Oh look, its Ugo
cause they're weirdos
Hi, so for those of you wondering, I tried replicating the bug in custom mode and it's not true. You can down an ulted KAY/O in Iso's ultimate and hit him further to kill him. You just have to deal the extra 800 HP on the downed KAY/O before Iso's ult ends. I guess there was some misunderstanding on the OP's part.
Instalocking isnt a bad thing in lower elo.  Team comp doesnt really matter.  It helps for sure but not a big deal.  Especially in silver. There is rarely team coordinated util useage.  Plus at lower elo i hope you are instalocking an agent you are comfortable on. Which is more important then filling and playing like garbo because you are not good with the agent.
Pretty sure sunset is based on LA lol
Remember when tenz got promoted to radiant or something on a draw
Yeah that’s been our name of choice since the beta. Nothing else comes close. It’s sorta just perfect.
I could be wrong but i think he means hes gold and hes just trying it out in his lobbies. Could be wrong tho once again.
Edit: I checked his profile, it seems that he is actually gold. YALL CAN STOP BULLYING HIM NOW.
The will but it’ll be very slow, no need to oversaturate the game with weapons, makes balancing harder and it was mainly added to help alleviate light shield rifle meta.
They're printing money with low overhead costs. Why work your devs to produce Christmas content when they probably made multiple millions from the current skin pack
take some solace in knowing that mysoginy is literally a skill issue: https://www.iflscience.com/low-skilled-gamers-are-more-likely-to-get-hostile-towards-female-gamers-73022
This needs to be fixed imo. I hate to play the same map twice in a row
LMAO
Chamber and Reyna were OP, but they did bad to chamber with the nerfs💀
When someone is being toxic to you but they start sucking. I don't care if we lose as long as I do better than that guy
Facts her flashes were too broken literally just spam flashes everywhere to get intel
That was no 1v5. I saw 6 kills. Gj brother
Judgkuna is far too strong
Mmmmmmm
You can always run it down mid in ranked and win. No matter what elo you’re in lmao
I dont know, maybe become a streamer/coach and share your experience? Only if that interests you and you think you can do it in the long run. Cheers!
Can confirm the last one, I’m level 110 and bronze
At my age, I’d just leave and take the queue cooldown, close valorant, and play another game. I’m too old to waste 45 minutes of my limited free time held hostage by children.
this is so fucked up bro decided to play valorant ranked😭
1000 credits for a stabproof vest
Yeah this will age like a lot of beta-era agents where we'll look back on this and think, "How was this allowed for so long?"
fns
Mobile Valorant Diamond lobby
nah this is crazy this is like playing football in your neighborhood 😭
Never add a gun Similar to the pre nerf 725 from MW 2019, if you know you know.
Yeah I see I’m kind of overthinking this now
another reason to nerf chamber
Yeah it's horrible compared to their earlier cinematics. They're even reusing the agent select models and retexturing them. The quality of the cinematic isn't consistent in this video. The environment looks amazing but the vfx and models look terrible
Odin players push them back down
Any Smite knife enjoyers?
bro wanted them to push him
They want him to be a lawyer? He’s 9
Doesn’t matter 5stacks vs 5stacks is whatever matchmaking the game can find.
Most adults are asleep by 1AM for their 9-5 the next day, dont think this is the answer. He said his games at 8PM are insufferable which arguably when adults would be the most active. I'm assuming that most adults have a normal business hour fulltime job where they actually need decent sleep to do their job, but I think thats a fair assumption.
Elo is your measure of rank in a competitive ladder format. Your ELO is technically the number you are at in the rank. Low Elo is copper, bronze, silver, and gold: since a majority of players will stay casually within those ranks. As you get higher from that, to platinum and beyond, you can start to creep into High Elo. 


A low Elo game plays 100% differently, and the players make different choices than those in high Elo, and typically you have to adjust as you climb because of this. 


It’s also where the term Elo-Hell came from. Elo-Hell is being in a sweetspot where it is too difficult to rank up because of a multitude of factors, but namely: (1)Teammates leave games more often than average, (2) Sometimes Teammates are entirely new, (3) Smurfs (someone who is playing on a second acct to match with easier, less skilled players) everywhere at every rank below the midpoint, and more. Being in the Hell is having to put in far more effort to promote yourself in rank than you normally would have too.
i woke up scared as fuck thinking i heard a raze nade 2 nights ago
I think that it fits their character. Clove doesn't take things too seriously and I think the outfit matches them in that sense. I'm not knowledgeable when it comes to lore and I wonder if radiants could be ages and ages old or if that kind of power is something recent-ish, which would also explain Clove's looks.


I dunno. I don't mind it, it's a pretty colorful design on top of a very bright personality which I feel kind of contrasts a lot with other more mature and serious agents like Brim, Fade and Viper, but I think it's cool to have some diversity like that and, ultimately, I don't care that much about it.
she used to be op, now you have to be really good with her to make her work, and she's not easy to play optimally
Yes you good
Your eDPI is out of the generally recommended range, which caps at 320. I’d personally lower one of the two a bit.
imma have to use her flashes more sparsly now sigh
i feel like a 5 stack takes away chances too. a lot of toxicity is 2 or 3 people in a call just yapping.
It has a pretty high pick rate at low elo, but definitely not 100%.

However, how is it a problem? Reyna is the least annoying agent, as she has only one ability that will affect you, and it's a breakable eye.
>Combat Report will now be visible during the Buy Phase by default. You will still be able to toggle it on and off during this phase.

Hype! Now I can be mad about how I got wall banged throughout the whole buy phase
There’s aim assist
Seems like you skyrocket your mmr by having 66% wr after reset. So your mmr is matched to Dia+ players which was placed in Gold 3. Calibration issues, episode start moment. Play more, get your comfort mmr and you'll be fine.
[removed]
Thats the point.   


They want more money by people spending to unlock an agent.   


As more and more agents are added the time goes higher and higher to unlock them for new/returning players so the chance of someone paying to unlock the agent they want increases.
It's not that they don't want people to use light armor, it's that they want to have players take a bigger risk when purchasing the cheaper armor, as there wasn't much of a risk previously.
It’s quite humbling in Immo3, I’m a faceit 10 player at 2.8k~ elo and you have the same experience VS CS pros/streamers. It took awhile for me to meet any ‘good’ players in val but from around 450rr~ onwards it genuinely feels fun and competitive most of the time. The gap is absurd for radiant to where I’m at though.
Check the replay to see how it happened
How did you find this out?
It throws me out of my zone if people are constantly talking. I don’t mind if I’m in a clutch scenario and you tell me he could possibly be going this way but if you are just talking away I lose focus so I don’t think you’re the asshole for muting him
the 66% thing just decides where the damage is applied, you still take the same amount of damage either way. Can't think of an explanation for this clip tho
During a game someone kept using "up" everytime an annemy was Heaven. So I decided to have fun and just lock my stare at the sky and stupidly run into the ennemy (it was swiftplay)
They’re dogshit, let them complain all they want
The thing that matters is performance. If you're performing well, I don't care what you do.

You can play classic only for all I care, if you're doing your job, suit yourself
NicolasSage

SageAgainstTheMachine

RazeQuit

Vandalorian 

YoruInTrouble
all im going to say is theres a reason csgo was not viable on console, and i would turn off crossplay instantly as a pc player
Won't actually happen unless your are immortal +

Everything under has smurfs. I think worst Elo is between Plat and Asc. As there are most high skilled smurfs (real immo+/radiant) in my opinion. Maybe I'm wrong. But it feels that way.
Current, or ex riot employee?
Doesn't make much sense anymore because kill banners and finishers are super common nowadays...

Am I really going for a knife kill to see the reaver finisher for the thousandth time or is it for the pure disrespect and mental boom I'm about to inflict upon my enemies
Realistically, your random teammates are stopping you from doing that. Even if you convince them to try, if it fails once - and it probably will since people won't be used to it - they'll often stop trying.

You can do it solo or duo but not quite the same as having 3-4 people grouped up, applying pressure and trading.

It takes pro teams or some big streamer normalizing it before it really trickles down to your average ranked team.
Yeah me too but I don't care lmao. If the game went bad, i just reset and start another one willing to win
If many will abuse the system by queuing at the very end. Matchmaking will be extremely fast and easy at those very end moments
Gold, never seen someone use phantom right click so much (and to effect).
so kinda smurfing
Cypher’s VA did such a good job on his lines
Because no one below Immortal is actually playing the objective. It’s all team deathmatch
If they had same variants people would be complaining about Riot being lazy, there's no winning
Another post proving my point that afking in first rounds for the entire game needs to provide rr loss reduction
Sage isn't that important of a character to have, healer is not and has never been a role. Ideally you should be making sure you have a team comp that makes sense, which for certain cases can mean having a sage. Its not that hard to learn multiple characters tbh people just dont want to have to put in the effort to learn over just autopiloting.
mute button exists
It's just as likely that your enemy won't shoot their teammate out, so take it as a chance to increase your edge by shooting it for your teammates.
The pause afterward 😂😂
For comp? Nah, screw that. They were dumb enough to take ranked when they had work when they could've taken something shorter or unrated.
Not ai or drawing, it's likely just heavily filtered and or photoshopped.

Their instagram handle is visible in the image, [https://www.instagram.com/yenvirou/](https://www.instagram.com/yenvirou/), this is something they do often
No. Get back. My Cypher. Don't you dare take him.
Cause a popular counter to the op is to close the distance because the op is weak in close range, to offset that weakness you buy the shorty which is great at close range.
Good ace, and definitely NOT paid actors but where tf was Omen looking at xD
I could see It being some kind of kayo knife but for traps and mollys. You throw It an stuff in its range like cypher tripwires and swarm granades are deactivated for a short moment. Maybe something like that happens when we get a new initiator
Never gonna let you high rankers know our next move
Understanding angle advantage and lurk timings are two examples
[For the unaware](https://tenor.com/view/throw-it-back-gif-25029115)
- play on max volume

- hold shift as much as possible 

- wait behind corners and prefire everyone

This ensures that no one gets any practice and you can feel good about winning every DM!
project T, an mmo fps set in Val's universe sounds crazy. 

What would that even be like? Overwatch I'd assume?
I miss Haven.

I dont know why they don't offer all the maps honestly.
The name Sabine really fits her
Your aim is really good for an iron 1 player.
Having someone play off your trips, at least in gold/plat, is literally impossible. Every time I try to get someone to play off my trips they just stand in the open and stare at 5 enemies running them down. I’m unsure why their brain gets turned off when I comm to them to play off my trips but it does.
One team go pewpewpew more Than Other team and get big ticket to madrid where they face other teams that did big pewpewpew 

Biggest pew wins
Doing your best is already a great accomplishment, and refining it to ascendant is awesome.

If you have more left in the tank? Then it's not a big accomplishment.

Is this the end of the road for you? Then you have a feather in your cap in hitting ascendant.
Everyone picks up different skills at different times. You’ll probably be running into players like this for a long, long time
maybe not the timer, but it should be recall-able during pre-round, same as his clone. its just inconsistencies in which abilities can be recalled and which cant.
gotta get your monies worth with RES.
> I don't understand this obsession with these titles.

Ego and seeking validation.

It's usually average players posting the single best clip of their entire month trying to fish for "rank compliments" or people smurfing wanting to look cool for internet points.
“My teammates are the new chatgbt update test “
Thanks that's nice to hear!

CS2 basically has no anti-cheat.

Way to go Valorant!
if you liked woohojin: can you recommend other good coaches/content creators to watch?

if you didn’t like him: can you recommend better ones?

ty
Not saying it matters, but I notice people in lower ranks typically don't comm much
sooo dumb we have to do this. Why is viper the only one with an indicator?
when i started my plat friend told me i had a good level for a beginner, i thought i was gonna be gold. i was placed in iron 💀
real
I was in a comp match, and the enemy yoru with zero kills started talking shit, so I hit them with the “when did you guys get a yoru on your team?”
Against silvers even I am clean
The door does damage?
feel like we might get a lot more kayo players in place of skye. i get what they're trying to do by hyperbuffing gekko and kneecapping skye but i think theres probably a better way to balance her than whatever they did
I guess but astra kinda threw by running up alone and not clearing site before she started to plant so I don’t think this particular play is very good, it will definitely get you killed at higher ranks, but I get what you mean and the buff to chamber is welcome.
> It doesn't mean we're not gonna do it. We've been working on it

Basically confirmed that they're not doing it. They said the same thing 3 years ago lol
German efficiency, HAW HAW
Jett:
"Nice! Killed it!.. and them.. we definitely killed them"
It's 100% worth it. It's definitely your technique. 

You shouldn't really strafe if you're close. I would strafe when I'm like above 5ft.
We know that riot primarily balances the game for pro level play, and Clove is seeing very little use in VCT. Why? Meddle and Pick Me Up both have little value at high level play, it's the smokes after death and the ult which are truly impactful. I think they may be picked by highly aggressive teams like PRX at some point so you can have 5 guys running it down and even if your controller eats it you still have smoke, but for most teams there's little chance Clove is replacing staple controllers like Omen on Ascent or Brim on Bind.  
  
So why is Clove so good in ranked? Same reason Reynas Devour is good, bodyshot sprays are way more common in low-mid elo, so Pick Me Up is actually getting huge value, allowing you to take and win multiple fights at full HP. Couple that number advantage generator with the other abilities already established to be good and you have a ranked machine. Is riot going to nerf an agent because of ranked stats even though they are not seeing really any pro level play? Don't know, maybe.

I completely agree. In my opinion, the main issue is her healing ability. She shouldn't be able to heal herself in the first place, or at the very least, she shouldn't receive an overheal. It seems unfair that she can do it while agents like Sage and Skye can't heal someone beyond 100 HP.
Try to wallbang it from outside mid, there are lots of clips of streamers doing it
Buff ult by removing audio :o
Hope it made you smile haha
as someone who is horrible with flashes, gekko is a blessing for me. being able to flash enemies without accidentally blinding your whole team is quite nice.
Bro morphed into a chipmunk
Buy on the last round and go ham then. Might as well since you save no credit.
Gekko. Together with the wingman plant, you can get your ult pretty quick even without frags.
Nah I’m with you. For the amount you get, and compared to the other things you can get for the same price, it’s very solid. At the same time tho, the bar is pretty low
yoru literally just teleports out or phases out, or fakes a clone to get out, idk he has options though
they need to change this, i bought this bundle for the pink version and they clarified nothing.. im feeling scammed by this...
I'm Gold, and I too agree that classic is the best weapon against a shielded Iso in his ult.
It was a prefire, not an accidental kill, great play bro
I believe they are free if you have game pass
Multiple things that come to mind:

- People just want to play the agent they are confident on/enjoy playing

- Kay/O is pretty hard to play well. You don't *need* lineups, but they definitely improve your impact. His flashes need good understanding of how to throw without blinding your team (Skye is much more beginner-friendly).

- Agents like Sova and Raze can also break the trips which are more common, so in that case you probably wouldn't pick Kay/O as well just to counter Cypher.

- To disable the Trips you need to hit Cypher with the knife. A good Cypher will probably change position after getting hit with it once, making it pretty hard to consistently do as opposed to Raze Nade or Sova Arrow.
This was a photoshop by Sentinels twitter, this did not actually happen in the game
Dude is playing earlier in 2020 haven.
People who post about toxicity in Val have not played any other comp shooter😂
KAY / O 🗿
Delete this. I'll pay you a dollar so please.
Bromen. Only works if u main Brolaf too tho.
lol no pun intended
What OP probably expected:

Person: You're clearly Platinum at least, you deserve higher, a, Pro Team higher this guy! 

OP: Oh, umm, actually, I'm Bronze...

Person: Oh wow, this game sucks, your teammates are holding you back, I will boost you.
Sage for sure, two walls is insane. After that, breach with two back to back fault lines that recharge would be nuts in competitive play.
Just give Comms regardless.
I really don't like when cinematics are used for a single character's backstory, rather than for progressing the Valorant story as a whole. That said, this was still very well made.
in a 1v1 when you're near enough to the other player for it to be relevant to gameplay your packet receive rate says pegged at 120+ but if you're far enough away that they couldn't possibly see you or hit you it drops as low as 20
It's a nice funfact if anything, not really worth much gameplay-wise for more than one round.

Still cool tho
I can maybe see where she's coming from. As a sentinel main if there's an area you want me cover or a site you want me to hold I can do that and I have my own setups for doing so as I've put in the hours to learn them. So if the phoenix was just telling her to put all her util without explanation, it can get a bit annoying. 

People do have pretty fragile egos on this game, so it becomes pretty tedious having to find a way to word everything so your teammate doesn't get their feelings hurt and start throwing.

In the end, kj is still in the wrong for throwing, but unfortunately, this kind of stuff isn't uncommon.
Oh my jesus, we found the stinger demon!
Id love to see him stream a climb to radiant as a controller player. Do it. Show everyone you're a radiant level player today and not from season 3 or whatever.

I'm sure that would soothe a lot of the distrust. Not all, but most.
https://m.twitch.tv/steveclaus/about

He’s 66
a lot of salty mfers in this thread lol
Can someone translate?🥹
It is very likely that you are focusing too much on mechanics and K/D. The drop from diamond to gold is kinda crazy, but I would wager that you are not playing to win rounds, but rather looking to get non impactful kills instead. In Gold, the other team practically gives away rounds for free, you need to be the one not doing that, and capitalize on it.
when bro uses this technique he is effectively immortal for 34 seconds
They were named this before Valorant came out.
Never ask why the clip ends at 4 kills XD
Yup! I had a Sage and Omen duo repeatedly telling me to uninstall and kms...
Biggest issue is no skins. The minute you give rito some money they boost your aim by a small amount and then reduce it back later so you stay hooked and buy more. It’s all a big conspiracy!
Sorry it's absurd to believe that a game with many players like valorant only has 7 people who own all the bp's accessories
Never seen someone so confidently wrong haha. One deag specifically refers to one shotting someone in the head with a DEAGLE (the Valorant equivalent of this gun is the sheriff). Your mechanics are pretty poor overall based on crosshairs placement, I would’ve guessed you were in gold.
You can't headshot a downed kayo.
Players are willing to spend money, riot has always been on the profit side.
Don’t worry, he’s got a lineup back to the crib
Recon(? I think) spectre always looks like a phantom to me. Theres a couple vandals i think are phantoms too, especially in fast paced situations.
Hav wunna DEEZ

-clove
Loud's stratbook Bhagwat Geeta CONFIRMED
Thats an easy one. You see when he got head dinked by someone else his head recoiled and it caused your shot to hit the body.

Hard to see. I’m probably wrong
Keep in mind that while they are irons, they are still irons that watch a high skill content creator. They can absolutely try to mimic higher level techniques while still not being all that good.
welll you didn't specify the mode
Has a skill that has a perfect hitbox to bounce on a wall and kill your teammates , has a movement sensor that is terrible calibrated and or don't detect nothing or detects too early and catch nothing , has a disc for dogs because that shit breaks too easy for be used to anything , and if you press X she says "nothing there" exactly like on the cinematics
PC already nerfed Iso, console was just behind and rolled the nerf out late
damn the deadlock ult but jheeez the kayo shots looking nice
So here's the idea. If you push a site with all 5 people, you can easily get slowed with util from one or two agents. Mollies, slow orbs, trips, etc can slow you down despite there being very few players holding the site. And since all five of you are in the entrance to the site, you have no info on where other players are. They could be in your spawn by now, they could be ready to flank you, etc. You need map control, especially if you choose to rotate. Other players in other parts of the map provides that much needed map control.
I'm not even a fan, but LEV Aspas is just insane. He looks like he's smurfing in VCT. The past game vs Sentinels just shows he's the ace of the team.
this just in: the valorant devs have finally learned what a replay system is
The Odin is kinda like this now in like iron-low silver, at least it was when I was in it lmao
yoru (on every map)
I like to spam "no." It'll often create a chain reaction of people spamming "no" or "yes" all game. It's great.
Goated troll
Considering you practice the burst and spray on the phantom and vandal. I use guardians in dms and I completely whiff when I spray using vandal or phantom.
Yes, but rito is a small indie company, it would be too difficult for them
Honestly I really like this feature. It feels like there's a bit more flow to the state of the game and a reason to keep playing. Doing the same thing over and over and expecting things to change is crazy, so this keeps it from being the same. I hope they release more maps but keep the same number in rotation so that on opposite sides of the rotation the game feels totally foreign
Vandal is AK, Phantom is M4, Sheriff is Deagle. Operator is, well, AWP. 

Once you play, you’ll get the idea of what each others are similar too - although I’ll say most of the guns in Valorant are more unique in that they fit better into specific buy scenarios, as well as the fact there’s just less guns overall. 

You’ll probably be rather overwhelmed for a while with agents and what they do, it’ll come with time. Each agent is generally going to have 1~2 ability’s that function as some sort of flash, molly or frag, plus more unique ones. 

Kayo is the agent that lines up best with CS playstyle, he has a flash, molly and his other ability disables enemy abilities, as well as scanning the number of enemies caught in its radius. His ultimate pulses these disabling waves in a larger area, while also allowing you to get put in a downed state rather than dying.
D1 to g1 🥰
If anything you make an example of them, not forgive them. Maybe there's leniency for people who have spent $1000+ in skins?
Sheriff is neo frontier all the way
Probably Raze Ult. I don't hit it, so mine's just a voice line. It's nice to hear.
You don't need to be Immortal to beat a Diamond player in a straight 1v1. You just need some combination of luck, skill, and strategy. That being said, this whole situation is stupid and you should probably do some self-reflection about why you desire such meaningless validation from a girl who couldn't give two hoots about you. 

I'm not your dad and I'm not going to lecture you about your life in a Valorant subreddit. But I wouldn't recommend that you throw away your 16th summer like this. At least do something that you can actually put your heart in, man.
I had gotten a different idea from the title
It's where he landed after those nerfs hit him
For me it's the Radiant Crysis 1 No question.
The last kill effect is the one I find the best of all inventory.
You've never seen a spectre/judge rush yet, it's beautiful because both parties don't expect it to work.
anyone playing one weapon only is throwing
This is some pretty good clickbait ngl. Could make a good copypasta.
Thought brim and breach were the same character
yeah, i was about to say, neon/cypher has got to be the only counter that is stronger.  especially since both agents are more common than chamber at the moment
Some guy in my comp game said that split wasnt ct sided at all and that the patches had nothing to do with being ct sided.
Never buying anything ever again , thot of buying this bundle since it has been a long time I have used new skins but no. I am done. 1.6k was 2k VP previously , now it is 1800 VP, fuckin cunt company
It’s honestly so horrible. And especially if ur playing duelist as a girl, the second u whiff a shot it’s hell on earth.
NEED HEALING!
This is it. We have a Guardian coming but it’s gonna be a few more months. :/
There were still some active servers active recently on Xbox.
I think there should be a blind on people who look at his ult before he casts it. Obviously the blind dissipates before he competes the teleport or otherwise it’s a free kill for Omen, but it would allow his ult to be used offensively as a way to put a blind/flash on someone playing an angle that’s normally hard to clear. If it’s gonna be 7 points it needs more actual uses outside of borderline useless info and the occasional ‘get one kill and die’ because trading your Controller is almost always a loss.
>this would be crazy for income

I doubt it, whilst I agree there will be an uptick in sales for those who want old Battlepass content I don't think it will be the 'million dollar feature' you think it is. 

Skin enjoyers in this game don't buy Battlepasses they buy Bundles because the Battlepass skins are usually bland in comparison.
the satchels literally do so much it’s crazy
mobility
displacing enemies
destroying util
Isos wall can now be placed in a very specific direction so he can take a fight one angle and be blocked from a separate angle like pushing lotus A main
Someone typed in "retirement fund aim" after an awfully slow reaction time by me. I couldn't even get mad
Playing comp, I was trying with all my might, I just couldn’t perform well that day and we had a reyna carrying us, I whiffed the 1v1 and I just heard him screaming “YOURE SO DOGSHIT, HOLY CRAP SO DOGSHIT” and then “turned his mic on” to say nice try and I just said “oh, alright” and the whole team started laughing
Mainly cypher got buffed so hard she‘s not the single best sentinel anymore.
What do you consider old? Or what do you think is the average?

Maybe the young people (sometimes "kids") just trash talk more in comms and the older players use comms just for the game.
There's a Iron 3 that went Immortal 3 the next Act (or Episode) on Woohoojin's channel. He said "This guy is broken", it's possible, especially if you have experience on CSGO
Yes she does but i wouldn't put those in the same category as she is immobile while using it plus it concusses if they get hit and it can't detect them through walls like the knife. Anyway the general point was just she has 2 viable abilities to entry while all the other initiators I can think of rn have 3
good 4k but honestly if this was diamond+, the deadlock would’ve properly commed flank and their team would turn around
>I will always find Valorant to be a more enjoyable game just because the anti-cheat is just miles better

This has been the biggest factor for me for Valorant. I feel like for other shooter genres that are cheater-infested, your time is better off invested in Valorant. This was me when I quit PUBG and Apex and played Valorant in December 2020. Just feels so good to feel like you're not wasting your time.
What about the "Buying light shield in pistol round LOL" - guys?
Or increase the Agent contract tiers, and put it at 15 or something.
you can check his tracker using websites
Trust me, I hate getting knifed as much as the next guy. It's quite humiliating because it means they snuck up on you and you were not aware of your surroundings. But it's not toxic. That said, that's why I try to knife people whenever I get the opportunity lol  
Those who do knife people get knifed as well, so I can't say it's toxic. How you respond to it is what's toxic. That guy who called you out is the toxic one for being salty. If someone knifes and is a sore winner about it and starts calling the guy he killed a noob or something, then he is the toxic one.  
There are generally no strategies or lack of that are toxic, it's all about people's responses to them whether it be verbal, text chat, or tea-bagging or something.
Oh the price will deducted everytime you buy a gun in the bundle then it will be 0$ for the knife, it doesnt apply to expired bundle
My guy is salty cause he can’t afford what others can afford and decided to call others losers
Honestly, they need to balance the initiator and duelist classes to give them legitimate, pick rate over double controller. I don't think that Viper's skillset is that big of a deal, it's the double controller team comp enabled by the very slow, utility-light simplification that has driven recent agent nerfs. Because Viper can do more with her utility than basically every other agent at that slow pace, she becomes a no-brainer.
Yes, there is a Guardian coming up. It's gonna be a little more time (skins take 1.5-2 years to make) because we definitely stopped doing Guardians (our bad) and realized it too late. My hope is you really like the next one we do ;)
you're omen, you only have 2 smokes. using both for heaven is waste. one should be blocking tree., also the smoke on the left needs to be even more left, the right edge of the smoke should be inline with the heaven wall so they can't peek and hide without exposing themselves to the whole site.
Practice ur flashes in customs
Yeah it just does that sometimes
She is a hunter. Like an animal, a predator. The point is that she MAKES it her territory. Whenever she is nearby, she makes the area her territory, patrolling it, tracking, hunting, killing. 

Maybe with that in mind the voiceline makes a bit more sense. ;)
valorant is more of a movement game than it is an aim game despite what others will tell you. you'll get used to the timing of your shots between movements as you do it more. other than that play at least a couple of dms daily and really focus on moving between two shot bursts.
This is a post about the design of Reyna from the game design perspective. Basically, if you want to design an aim-god character, Iso was an attempt and he was much better than reyna for trying to make that predator as a suitable member of the Valorant. Everyone plays a different game than Reyna, so Reyna is the outlier. That's very simple. But I understand the people who cannot process your examinations. Not everyone has to know design principals and design thinking.
bro playing cod
Considering that you can get 600 credits a day, you can get a agent in 13 days with just 2 games, and this system is way faster than the old one, so i'd say that that's a pretty good deal
True true, but good neon mains are happy anyways
Yes pls. And also the amount of votes needed. Had a W keying neon last night that voted no to remake, no to surrenders. Monumental waste of time
Oh thata sick good job dude.
Best valorant player of all time. Riot should have sent you to #1 Radiant as soon as the game ended.
first player to die 3 different times
Goes to show how much I know about Yoru. Didn't realize he could grab weapons while ulting and didn't realize his gun was ready almost instantly out of ult. Good Yoru players are so scary.
If your team is still alive you should be generally protected while planting
Damn I didn’t notice that until you mentioned it, hopefully someone did
Good job on the Ace, but what's the thought process behind the placement of those smokes?

I feel like you're just giving your ennemies more angles to shoot you from as they could emerge from any direction and you won't always see them. I believe in general it's preferable to put them a bit deeper in the choke points so the enemy can only come from one spot.
Play on London servers myself as Netherlands doesn't have one, to all French people: YOU HAVE PARIS SERVERS, GO BE FRENCH OVER THERE.
Honestly it really was. If you look, you can see my team went like 12 and 2 (or something) the first 1/2, and the enemy team brought it back HARD AF!!

* Definitely proud of both teams in this game!!
A white American man that’s very Americana and soldier like. His ult would be a giant hellfire missile.
You’ve clearly never played the absolute dogshit that is lair in r6s
In what world is a random lootbox better than a predefined price? This way you can actually see the price of something youd' want and decide to pay for it or not.
bro i literally play with 1/10 of your sens☠️
Please steal my ace. I was not supposed to do it all alone. Feel free to pitch in.
In Asc/Imm lobbies Phoenix is either going 7-20 in an 18 round game, or he is the 2nd coming himself and carrying his team to an easy 13-3 victory and dropping 35+ kills while doing so.
Why not just try to play Singapore servers? The ping usually isn't too bad between those 2.

As for your friends, the game looks easier than it is. How often do they watch their own videos?
Gojo return confirmed? 
that’s fantastic, the amount of sexual harassment i receive just from speaking is appalling and i usually play valorant to unwind from a really shitty life with chronic eczema making living HARD only for some male to ruin the best distraction i have. i’ve played valorant way less bc of these experiences :(
Dude that spray cancel into transfer on the Jett who dashed on cat was the shit
A Guy threw the game because he heard my English accent
Iron
It's an old CSGO meme, in 2014 (i think) someone posted a video of a boost on a map 2 weeks before a dreamhack event, that was previously not known before, fnatic then went on to use the boost after losing 12 rounds in the first half of the match, and won the map. Following the match the person who orginally posted the video said that he was approached by someone on fnatic to remove the video. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqB95s47f1w&ab_channel=PerishOrPrevail) is the boost if you want to see, it was pretty controversial.
this reminds me of a comp
i had a little over a year ago, 0-12 2 of our teammates left and one was just trolling and giving my friend and my locations away, we weren’t exactly good in our mind but we kept saying that we had faith and he and i each dropped 30 and we won it back in essentially a 2 v 6 and will still go down as one of the wildest games ever moral we both had was never give up in ours
I'd say it's perfectly balanced. Someone's gotta die first before he can even activate it and he has to come close. It's only on their last known locations and you can easily trick cypher to go another way. It doesn't even help you straight up kill an agent, unlike deadlock's ult.
2 hour edging session
Omen because i started in iron and my friends made me play sage when u could heal yourself to 100 i played sage for 4 or  5 seasons maybe more 
But when i got to silver /gold everyone was trying grim walls or instalocking duelists so there were no controllers ever , and thats how omen is my main with a comfortable second agent sage
Fade is too tanky, not your fault
Same man, pearl is a cool map.
That mid site smoke on A helps the defenders
Yeah its ass right now. Such a mishmash of skill levels. Act 1 is always the worst of the lot.
You did a good job of capturing riots aesthetic. I can see riot devs toting this around
In these cases, the emotional reason is they are hardstuck on PC and came over to console to get some kind of validation from shitting on a bunch of level 1s lol.

This game (like any other comp game) is full of weirdos, just mute them and play. Riot is also pretty good about punishing toxic behavior so report them if they’re saying truly awful stuff.
you cant discuss this kind of shit in places like r/gaming so yeah, the population of both games overlap a lot so i think is fine

my friends spent a full month playing cs2 when it came out, the hyped died and everyone is back in valorant. (ex csgo players all of us)
Fuck the Frankfurt server, all my homes hate the Frankfurt server
Harbor isn’t a sentinel
You clearly just haven’t gotten used to him 🤓
This sub over-obsesses about this kind of stuff so much my god lol. Some people have aim naturally, some don't and need to practice. Some people have natural game sense, some don't and need more games to develop it. Some have both right away and climb super quickly, some don't and need to develop both over more time. 

&#x200B;

This goes with literally anything. Just do your thing, practice with the intention of improvement, not just going through the motions, and you WILL go up.
Nah ive seen this one way in vct too, they cant see your feet unless youre in the smoke pushing stairs.
too sad viper is getting nerfed again hard she only has 1 molly now
I'm saying don't blame the system or the rest of your team when you're willingly duoing with someone whose been carried their whole career by lots of smurf accounts.  

Your friend needs to improve on their own, or you need to guide them and be ok with purposefully sandbagging yourself with someone who is probably a couple full ranks above where they belong.
Bro used 10 years worth of luck
Holy shit viper got nerfed into the ground lmao
not best, just most self reliant. Realistically, best is Jett/Raze where you create space for your team and get 1-2 frags
Ok hear me out. Buy the EG capsule... They will go bankrupt soon and be out of VCT and then it becomes one of the rarest skins.
NO LITERALLY

My team and I voted to remake in a game earlier today and all 4 connected players voted yes, yet it still asked for the 5th vote 🙃 so you acknowledged that the player was AFK by allowing us to trigger a remake vote, but didn’t get the memo that there was no fifth player??????

Luckily they reconnected in r2 and played from r3 on, but really? Imagine if they were gone the whole game, I would’ve been so mad
I’ve been playing competitive shooters for over two decades. Valorant kids have the biggest egos by far.
Now they're on par with well played raze or jett. Imagine.
Well no. Reyna dies cuz she’s not hit before coming out of the dismiss so that one tick would still apply. Iso survives cuz his shield takes the tick
Incredibly good but definitely not straight forward, her satchels are probably the hardest ability in the game to even use properly, not to mention really well
I’ll never understand how college and NFL football teams allow kickers that just.... miss... kicks. I feel like there has to be pools of kickers in the USA that won’t miss simple kicks. Or snappers that won’t mess the snaps idk man it seems so SILLY. Would love opinions on this.
The thing they’re really targeting is your mental health, not your hp
Sage spamming wonderful or thank you is very soothing
In addition to this Reyna keeps her overheal in iso ult. Which means she can have 200 total ho being able to rank an OP shot
Realistically it'd have to be Jett, it has a very high skill ceiling with abilities which keeps it feeling fresh is great on literally every single map, has one of the better ults if your ego isn't big enough you can buy people while playing knives

Also super self reliant when it comes to getting entries, unlike raze for example which is better at taking and controlling space but significantly worse for getting out of fights
"I got you I'm coming"

*proceeds the slaughterfest*
Mute and move on.
The reality is part reflexes but mostly cross hair placement and game sense (anticipation). 


Crosshair placement means putting your crosshair at head height where you expect someone to peek. The ideal being when someone peeks you from that spot you don't even have to adjust your mouse you are just clicking on their head.  With good crosshair placement your time to kill is much better.


The second part of game sense is anticipation.  Basically you know a map and have been in the scenario so often you can anticipate your opponents actions. How and wear they peak. In regular modes what utility they may use.  It's not that they react to you as much as they heard something or expect you to peek the way you do.


So in conclusion that is a majority of the gap between you and those players.
Winner of Worlds 2013, 15 and 16. Mechanicaly one of the greatest to ever touch the game, while still being humble. Since then he was called GOAT for his immense gamesense and mechanics. Then  Worlds 2023 came and he happened to win it Once again, many years after his prime
Or start with 4 and then 1 recharges 30-40 seconds after the first is used or smthn
Every raze main wet dream
You add the momentum to those 20 m/s base speed; the faster you fall the faster it gets. At some point it's so fast you can barely see it haha
Are you saying Brimstone could be a Gen Z?
If you follow his guide properly and still couldn't reach Gold then he will still do a video review.
where are you getting this information? watch any radiant odin player (zt0l for example) and i guarantee you they ads very frequently. youre so confidently wrong lol i dont get it
„Caught, caught, caught!“
Welcome to iron-plat lobbies
*"brim diff"*
but i was a villian begin with
Great mechanics, it can put you a shitty positions where you still come out on top regardless of what your enemies do. Game sense is important, but Valorant is killing game. No one cares if you predicted this ultra specific scenario if you can't even get the kill.
Buddy went from going negative in iron/ bronze lobbies  to dropping 40+ in gold/plat games  . Very obvious boosting
Just don't deadlift or they'll kick you out 😂
The weirdest part is the fucking white knights in the comment section charging in to defend their beloved billion dollar company
Sexist, overly flirty men. Makes the whole game uncomfortable, even if it's not being aimed at me. Especially when they respond to disinterest or discomfort with threats and extra harassment.
Same I can feel my mental state improving by the second
relying on teammates to frag out is also a huge problem in lower ranks 

at some point you have to take charge
Comms can easily lead to a higher kill rate. A lot easier to trade/entry when utility is planned ahead.
The price doesn’t dictate the quality of the skins. I guarantee you the skins are extremely high profit margin for effort put in. 

They just charge whatever they can get away with. Some accountant made an optimization tool that shows the optimal price ranges for the skins based off the in-house data they have available to them.
if people in silver play aimlab and are stuck, they should stop opening their mouth
Breach :

- he screams Let's go when he ults and it hypes me up
- I can make someone let their mouse and keyboard off after I cc-lock them for 10 seconds
- he has mechanical arms
- no one main him except a few degenerates like me
- he teases Brim all the time and my best gaming buddy mains Brim
- ult, flash, stun, aftershock, flash --> enemy giving up, best feeling ever
Golden gun also falls in this category it's so lame that as soon as golden gun or ult orb spawns you basically are forced to brawl and since that info isn't revealed till later into setup you're kinda gambling alot of rounds.

Chamber gets ult kinda just GG when you're playing SMG or shotgun.
Probably yoru’s ult. That shit cool af
Your score tells nothing…. They could be exit kills or bait kills
At this point if I have to eco I just buy sheriff. The time to kill and range just make it a better choice if you can hit headshots consistently enough.
Hooj recently got outed that his account was shared. And he didn't earn radiant. And he came out publicly and admitted it and is now grinding to radiant. And so this comment is satire at the current situation around woohoojin.
One man’s trash is another man’s treasure… actually this is trash you’re right.
Literally what rainbow 6 seige does for ranked but each side bans 1 agent and 1 map where all maps are in rotation 

IM SICK OF GETTING BREEZE OVER AND OVER AS A RAZE MAIN
Am I the only one feeling like this voiceline implies she doesn't hate gen z but secretly feels bad for recruiting teens with a future into (basically) an army?
Same. But last agents kinda been trash so idk...
this was ranked btw. 💀
What always bothered me is that knives are the most expensive skins yet come with no animation/finisher. Smh.
He had the fre-est kill ever and fucked it up lol
"Schizophrenic people can't be good at ISO!"

Schizophrenic people:
yeah. at least the price is closer to its worth now lol
Because a lot of people are stupid and think duelist is the role where you get kills rather than the role where you take space aggressively for your team. Same kind of people who think sages role is as a healer.
I think their pricing is pretty bad and they’re more of a hinderance than anything. It’s really more distracting than cool. At the same cost, there’s just better options
Likely came from someone who’s broke, just young, or immature. I wouldn’t sweat it. I’m 23, I work full time and treat myself to skins in this game. I’m bronze 3. No one should dictate how you chose to spend your money except yourself.
Nah, I’d Win

*proceeds to lose against a shotgun with a rifle*
Riot yet again lowering the skill needed for this game
He’s where y = 4x^2 + 3x + 6 and 3x^2 + 7x - 2 intersect!!
Thanks for the report. It looks wrong! We’ll take a look.
“Worth it” is subjective
When my silly little teammates don't want to do their silly little pushes I have to deploy my silly little cages to plant the silly little spike
Doors and corners kid, that's where they get you.
I've said it before and I'll say it again, unless there is some financial loss due to the surfing or a financial incentive for them to stop it, Riot isn't going to do much.

It's more profitable to have these people with multiple accounts buying skins than putting time and money into stopping these accounts and losing out on that skin revenue just to make us happy.
Honestly, just work on the fundamentals of the game. Crosshair placement, strafe, etc. There is a [pretty good playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_JPXMBzXj4) for the banana man himself Woohoojin that are perfect for beginners (check Novice playlist).

About agents, honestly, just play the agents that you like, confidence is important as aim and technique, if you are playing an agent that you are not comfortable, you will play worse no matter how good your aim is.  If your fundamentals are good enough, you will rank up anyway.

From Iron to Bronze 1 and 2 is nearly no difference, just work on your movement and keep playing and you will rank up at some time.
Thank you!! I am low elo too, but I find that the people in my games are very chatty and give a lotta comms. It is interesting that people don't talk in your games, havnt heard of that.
a dev definitely got shit on by a Skye
Yep, I tell them whose body I picked it up from too lmao. “Find Skye’s corpse”
It seems to me like the point of the post was that this exact kind of agent design was the problem. That there shouldn’t be an agent which caters solely to aim demons and doesn’t really incentivize you to “understand the game”.
One idea would be to fix the agent you play for a round, and put the same team on both sides

That way you can get a general understanding of how every agent works in a 2vn situation. So when you play a normal match again you can play along with all the agents' strengths
Especially this for me. There are MANY times I deal 130 damage on people. If more people were going just light shields not heavy, I would have a lot more kills.
it’s so you actually play atleast a game to get a rank and don’t just camp your diamond 1 10rr  placement you got at the start of the act for the whole act
I shouldn't have to endure riots shitty ranked system and willingly get raw dogged for 50 more games.
Valorant has a incel / women hater problem. Always has.
You don't really have to change that much with a CS style FPS. 

Once you have a formula, add a new character or map once or twice a year, and people will continue to play it.
Bruh how tf did y'all not realise that?
Blud provided whole thesis
I did last night. Bot frag
You are that guy in the meme who gets thrown off the building for giving good ideas lmao
i would never surrender in comp, no matter the circumstances, but if i'm not having fun in an unrated game i'm gonna press f5
If the sensor is used as anti-dive it should trigger faster and should be placed on more positions instead of horiziontal walls only. Re-arm is also a good idea.   


I
Lore accurate omen
Hell nah, people already wayyy too comfortable being weirdly sexual on this game. 18+ server just asking to be harassed more. Plus how would they even manage something like that? Kids can just check off the 18+ mark
Exactly. Astra was overpowered. Now, she is hard to use. In the wrong hand, she is meh. And even in the right hand, usually there are better chars imo.
Yea this is the problem though. 

Phoenix is a different kind of duelist, and since pro analysts think dive comps are the best option he doesn't really see much play. 

Deadlock is a different kind of sentinel, but sacrificing flank watch is huge, and I doubt she will be meta as a result.
Reyna E will go through Cypher cages/wires and Deadlock wall with no indication to the enemy. Also through mollies with no damage.
That’s an incredible first ace, why is your team chat so blue lol
Someone **chill**.

We all make mistakes, I don't really mind if a teammate doesn't play a perfect game, doesn't communicate perfectly every information, it's fine.

All I want is someone who's chill, nice, communicates enough, etc. We underestimate the power of the mood. If there's a good mood in a team, things will likely go a lot better.
>cause (a situation or opposing parties) to come to a point where no progress can be made because of fundamental disagreement:

I'm guessing it's because her kit is generally about confinement and/or halting progress
Ignore the other guys in this thread. It is easier to kill people when they either  
A. Make a bad peek  
B. Make a bad decision  
C. When they make noise  
Its most likely that you are making all of the above with some movement issues. Its hard to tell when your at a low level whether or not the reason you just died is because you made a mistake when you don't know much about the game yet.
Smurfs... It's kind of surprising that the MM doesn't catch them faster or at all.

When Apex had hidden MMR, even tho it was completely shit implementation, it caught smurfs very quickly and got them in to their propper lobbies
The entertaining people are in lower ranks
I think, they just need to buff the other controller agents instead and...







Nerf Chamber.
The banana man will give you the potassium your gameplay lacks
It is absolutely astonishing how people's behavior can become so peculiar and intense when it comes to video games.
Lol. I have people who want to ff while winning.
[deleted]
Nice! Were these all handmade- I'd love to get a KJ cosplay put together personally and don't know a good starting point.
Why do you think people call anything below immortal low elo lmao
Fantastic clip honestly
my gf is norwegian and she thought the voice acting on the trailer was fine and couldnt understand everyones complaints  ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯. Tho she did say it was written for the translations (if that makes sense)
I think the same way but then most of the time my entire team will vote surrender and I can't do anything about it
"Why are people who invest more time in training their aim better then me"
Because it is really silly that a competitive game, one of the biggest ones at that, doesn't have replays. 

I wouldn't use them actively like some others would, but sometimes I want to analyze a game where I played very badly, or watch a good play I made.
Aces are earned not given..
The difference is that raze, Jett, and chamber have equipped an ability while something like Iso’s shield, Clove’s overheal, or Reyna’s overheal are all status effects that have their own timer and remain applied to the agent even if they get suppressed by Kayo following their application
black market vandal. sexy wood furniture, my beloved
i wish riot would finally adress this because everyone thinks this is a horrible decision.
Not publicly traded so no financial reporting obligation to be released publicly. 


I’m sure if you dig around enough though you might be able find a investors release from them or something
He's obviously weak. For him to be more viable I think his Undercut should be wider and it should move quicker. 

Then there is the wall... A lot of things you could possibly do with it but one thing would be to have alt fire stop it for a time. I know the worry would be it being used to protect spike so maybe make it breakable after it is stopped? There are a lot of possibilities when it comes to buffing the wall that need to be tested. It's kind of useless as is though.

His ult and double tap are great as is and shouldn't be changed. Maybe give doubletap 30seconds to match Reyna's overheal because I don't see why these would be different.
1. Kids sleep and adults are active

2. Post 2 am, Valorant is the worst experience because no lifers are active. 

3. Imho time between 10pm-2am is the best time because I've met the best trio this way
That works, but if I remember correctly from playing only a few matches, her ult will bounce off a surface, at the end exploding(?) in an aoe which catches the first unfortunate person. It's a pretty generous hitbox too
Was it easy for you to always complete the Battlepass? I bought it once and couldn't complete it despite playing a lot by my standards.
Regardless of agent you play, you should be able to at least hit immortal 1 if you're a radiant player.
Hahaha. Been like this in every game I've played since I started.

It's fascinating to me mostly because they   
a) don't know what I look like  
b) don't know my age  
c) don't know where i live and  
d) don't know anything about me beyond that I play the same video game.

Like if being a woman is the ONLY requirement they have... I think they need to raise their standards
Situational but you can potentially get a teammates gun since their bodies are on map
In a lot of ways his util is fine. The problem with a lot of elos is that people do not use him properly. From a design perspective I just don’t like his ult as much as I would like and unless it is a confirmed site hit, teams can wait out his ult or focus him, especially since his location is constantly pinged so I would love some kind of redesign on that. Otherwise I think his kit may be harder to use but is good at what it does
I think it’s initially just a normal height box, then the second box has some textures in it that allows you to jump up in your own
Kevlar is generally only going to stop non armor piercing pistol calibre and shotgun pellets though. Generally steel or ceramic plates are used for situations like in the game.
pro-gamer exclusive right there
Im ashamed to say...this is ascendent....
it would mute it for everyone though, i think op only wants to mute it for the one person spamming it.
hes just coping hard bc hes hardstuck low immo
You are clearly on an alt account or smurfing on someone's account.  This account was a phantom abuser with shit HS% that never played Jett into a Jett only, vandal user with a pretty good HS% and high KD/ADR/ACS in low silver.  

Don't complain about AFKers when you are literally ruining lower ranked games for people that belong in that elo.
Iso's shield now grants him one without the need to kill enemies first and is now rechargeable like jett dash
Most guns serve a specific purpose so they don't just add guns without a reason. 

That said, more power to you for not spending.
probably, doubt it'll ever happen in a regular game
You don't adjust yourself to the sens, you adjust the sens to you.

Use whatever is comfortable for you.
I don't know how it is in high elo, but in low elo it's extremely difficult against a good Cypher after the buffs. The problem is most people don't learn from this and try to push his util round after round and keep dying.
They want ppl to go on Reddit and post about it
I chuckled reading this
I think that's what happened. In the end she says "you don't know what they are capable of", referring to gekko's wingman, which as we know is made of/by radianite. 
I honestly don't know what this implicates though. She doesn't have any radiant abilities, so it looks like her absorbing radianite is just for story/character development
There is a timer on iso ult. If both players are alive then everyone in the ult dies. Kayo’s ult makes him go “down” but not die so you both got killed.
Aim assist isn’t broken in this game. It really confuses me when PC players say this. You guys just aren’t used to it so you think any amount is broken. 

Go play cod or battlefield then come back and see how little aim assist you have compared to those games.
As someone who plays Deadlock frequently, no. It's not. Ofc, it can give you some kills if ylu bait with it but still you have to have Intel and have it properly placed so that they don't dodge it by strafing away
I've been seeing skye double ultimates occasionally for the past 2 months, but i still haven't figured out how to replicate it or if it's related to lag
Using mouse acceleration in FPS games, especially in tac shooters is probably the single worst thing you can do to your aim.
The thing i dislike about new system is before when you unlocked the agent you got 5 tiers in their contract. Now you gotta earn the XP to unlock them without getting a single tier in the contract
Trust me
Note To Self: configure a lag switch to ignore wall.
Omen blind been good at getting me free kills
When the game released you need to win one match in that rank to shows at your pyramid and to get the gunbuddy, but they change that later.

You can see your rank up match in your pyramid as a win with your new rank right now, you get a gunbuddy what is your highest rank you get in your pyramid

Thats why you find different answers.
c) how has johnny wasted his life and money
Dodging is such an OP strat on this map. I'm surprised that so many people don't know this. /s
How is this diamond lol wtf
how the hell is it dying dude
i remember in the time fortnite was so broken people were switching to console just for the aim assist
It is like they are forcing us to play breeze at this point. 

If just by my memory, i think the probability of maps i get is :-

10/20 breeze
3/20 sunset
3/20 icebox
2/20 lotus
1/20 bind
1/20 ascent
Riot: “Sage diff! Jett diff! Raze diff!”


Meanwhile none of the trailer gameplay has any mirror matches between characters. Isn’t that the point of having an agent diff in the first place?
The ADS on an Odin actually REDUCES recoil so it is better to ADS with it.
Worst map pool since launch.
Skye Flash no longer regen make some sense. But why did they force you to activate at the end dude. Fake flash is now harder so sad.
Imagine how much they must have screamed at the Deadlock who was "holding flank."  Nice clip.
Good luck with that. The meta has been shifting away from sage this past year and except on icebox I don't think we'll see any of those agents apart from some rare weird picks.
That's fucking miserable, 2 more months of this shit ass pool?
Heretics used neon a lot… miniboo is going to have a field day when he’s back
Jett did you dirty 😭
It was a good strategy. 1v4, you need to play aggressively to even out the numbers or you will get swarmed on site.
"Valorant is a shooter"
Requiring a specific few champs that can break his trips is annoying. If they let all mollies somehow break trips if they are under them, that would allow for some nice counterplay.
he was boosted to radiant and claimed to be a radiant coach because of it, turns out he’s an asc-immo player
It's a big problem in the lower ranks. Since hitting ascendent this act I've noticed the toxic dudes are almost completely MIA. I don't have to deal with all the bullshit anymore, or at least hardly ever.

But it's still not perfect. A lot of dudes will be fucking around with each other, which I don't mind at all, but as soon as I comm they tend to get quiet. Which I feel bad about. Like, I don't want to hear any sexism/toxicity directed towards me, but if you guys wanna talk about boobs or who the hottest character is in some anime I don't care.

Sometimes, if my team is really vibing, I won't comm because I don't want to be the reason they stop having fun.

I still get random ass friend requests from people who didn't say a word to me all game though. Never ceases to amaze me.
Wait, what? I thought that he was streaming his journey to Radiant. That's actually really bad news, I thought that his YT tutorials and his gameplay analysis videos were pretty good (though he did come off as pretty condescending, especially to low elo players who're just trying to learn).

Why couldn't he just say that he's an Immo coach? I get that his rep was tarnished a bit, but surely it couldn't have been that bad?
Yes it does her kit is not that good
doesnt the vulnerable stay as long as youre in the molly and doubles the molly damage? the only thing this change really did was nerf lineups
Found deadlock alt account
This means if you time it right, you are possibly able to blind ten people at once
As a omain, the ult anxiety is real
Can we stop making this kind of post lol pretending to ask to guess my rank but indeed fishing for compliments and hoping others would tell em they deserve a higher rank.
1. don’t mind the scoreboard, people use it to inflate their ego even though there’s so many factors than “big number = skill”

2. you don’t get assists for trips if you get the kill off them, plus there are a ton of ways to get assists that all depend on different situations

3. you actually *do* have to get used to odins; since valorant is a tactical game with lots of variability, you and your teammates can either use util or position properly to get an upper hand (for example if he’s wallbanging ascent b every round, stand away from the spam and then block his vision/find out where he is when you’re getting on site)
If you had to pick ONE video from BananaMan tactics to practice in DM, which one would you suggest?
Yeah I agree. If you're holding an angle and know a peek is imminent that's another story, but if you're just holding an angle with no info and it drags on... peeker has the advantage not just because of internet/network limitations but because the guy holding the angle is getting bored and complacent.
At low levels any character ability that causes them to move faster than the standard running speed is a problem. Speed and elevation are issues for players with poor aim.

Jett dash, Neon slide, Raze satchels into site. Some people here are saying that it's shotgun players that cause the same issue, I disagree with that, they are fair game and swing at the same speed and height.

Anything that requires a flick from a normal angle being held is always going to be an issue for those learning.
Cypher would basically be playing fnaf in bg
I know mr toes but his tremors are fundamentally different than mine, his are more extreme but mine happen more frequently almost constantly.
A lot of this is mechanics focused but I just want to add that 90% of you guys have so little game sense. Little to no communication, no sense of pacing or team work, so much baiting, sitting afk on attack hoping defenders push out and calling it a "default", wasting util for no gain, 5 stack rushing ABABAB, pushing into obviously strong sided sites.


I don't know what it's like in the lower ranks but in gold/plat/diamond the amount of game sense is so low. But my mechanics are ass so that's what I'm grinding out for now.
Gaia's Vengeance, yes
Woohoojins videos have not stopped being informative and helpful. And it being contentified rather than looking like a udemy course is more appealing imo.
Nerfs to Raze that would be good: 

- Removing satchel damage
- Increasing satchel cost
- Stopping satchels moving enemies
- Increase the audio cue of Raze flying

Nerfs to Raze that would be awful:

- Having one satchel
- Changing the mechanics of the movement
- Increasing weapon draw time
thats cool, and on top of that you have paper walls that can give you free wallbang kills
You literally pay $27 for a skin and they charge you an extra $48 for the effects you intended to purchase in the first place - that’s nearly $80 for ONE gun skin. You say it’s free to get radianite but it costs time and additional $10 to even get the battle pass. It is not free.
Honestly he is a cringe asf. His “pretty” boi persona is annoying af. This is a competitive game space not tiktok.
I just do medium bots and try and hit at least 20 twice. Typically use the sheriff then the vandal
I get your argument, but if it's no real hassle like on spawn, then why not.

I will say, as a kj main, I hate when I'm setting up a site and get people blocking me or not going to their site for a skin. I 100% agree with you there. It sucks that they might throw, but we only have so much power, sadly.
And if it's not blatant sexism, it's them flirting and trying to fuck me 🙃
Feels all skins gets there boored after Time.
The funniest part about this clip is that I didn’t shoot on purpose, my mouse hit my keyboard…
Your aim does have to get better in order to rank up but it can still get better even without aim training
I do. Then he just pulls out excuses like "I can’t do anything as a support with teammates that bad"
Bro's never played R6 siege
gekko and a few others can twerk it :)
Killjoy: "Okay, I put together some data on our last 6 combat missions. Did you read it? Did anyone read it? Oh God... Can anyone here read...?"
I mean could you out-dunk Jordan if you hit him in the calf with a sledgehammer? Maybe, but that doesn't make you better at basketball than him.
She’s not in a great spot, I believe they’re reworking her. Deadlock doesn’t really play like KJ either, I’d say cypher is closer to her if you like playing off your util
You can also add poor mic in your 3rd point. This is mainly the only reason why I ever mute somebody in my competitive match. I can't understand these players but they don't have any idea that their mic sucks. It gets worse when the person have completely different accent than what I am used to.
Just noobs being toxic. You made the right call.
OP dashed out of the beam but walked right back into the sphere.

Her ult is not like a Sova ult, hers has a spherical capture zone at the end
A is so easy for the enemy to rush so you need more people there, but C has that super annoying bomb plant where you can get headshotted from behind the sand pile when trying to defuse the bomb. Just a nightmare all around for defense. I do like B site, however.
Buddy, I’ve been playing since August *2022* and still haven’t broke out of bronze. And yet I still keep playing because it’s fun to improve on my game and top frag or hop on with my friends. Trust me, bronze to gold is pretty huge
Playing Cyberpunk 2077 gets the room warm enough, then I can jump into a comp game.
Omen, just let him work with his miniature trees 😭
No replacement map? So just lotus and icebox on repeat basically? 

I swear this is awful decisions
Just let us pick it up.
Yep, it should just be automatic. I'm unsure how unpopular my opinion is but I believe you should be able to remake on second round too as the amount ppl who moved slightly forward round 1 or just went AFK after we won pistol have been unreal.
Raze had two nades 😭
I how when you pick up a cool skin last round and your teammate wants it....I'm like.i don't even own this let me enjoy it
Wonderful
Every time someone says their account got hacked, the truth of it is that they just entered their details into something they really shouldn't have and gave them to the "hacker" themselves.
Hi, folks! This is a bug! We're looking to fix in the new patch. Sorry about that. :(
Love the editing
leather jackets are truly the bane of competitive games
Kayo is the agent for all counter-strike enjoyers. Anti abilities, flash and molly.
i feel like they had the idea of like "hey, let's cook up an amazing phantom for this year" but they put too much spices in the food to make it "taste good"
Everyone saying Iron I genuinely do not believe have ever been in an Iron lobby in their life. This gameplay is far too intelligible to be Iron. People may be making bad decisions, but I can understand those decisions.

Iron lobbies sometimes feel like everyone else in the lobby is doing a strange ritual to summon the Eldritch Beings into our reality, rather than actually playing Valorant.
yeah he can pick up spike now even if ppl are on it, pretty much uncounterable
lore accurate turret
HARRY YOU HAVE FIVE BULLETS IN YOUR VANDAL
whether he reached radiant or not but his gold guide is sure one of the best yet
Somewhere there is a sova posting 'Lost all my teammates in the first 6s. Then I clutched 1v5."
All the insta lock duelists will now be instalocking clove. Don't plan on playing her for at least a week lol
Honestly, considering your peak, I would say just be content with your progress and don’t over obsess over the smaller details of your play or rank. If you get in your head too much, anxiety will affect your performance even if you don’t consciously realize. Yes, it is fair to expect a certain level of improvement and consistency from yourself (in order to have fun) but realistically, if you tried your hardest then it’s just that. Just reset for your next session and do some review or reflection on your mistakes. Focus on physical health too, that will help with concentration (improve consistency) and reaction time. You can try seeking out aim training communities, they have a lot of great resources (Voltaic Blog, Sub, similar stuff, etc.) to ensure good mindset and training. 

Hope this helps :)
the point is that you like the skins? why does it matter if everyone has it, lol
Achievement unlocked: Return to sender
what rank is this? because i would pay to have teammates like you on my team
this would make sense if wingman didn't make a GLORBALGLOABRBALBRGLORM sound that's louder than the defuse beep
Consider you got kicked from a game and warned I’d say you’re probably doing something wrong
You can apply that logic to almost any agent.
Makes sense for Harbor wall to not slow teammates. If Viper doesn't decay teammates then Harbor shouldn't slow. I think for Astra ult, pick one or the other. I think the sound is probably the more balanced option.
omain
They need to let me run around with a stinger like the fun destroyer that I am on the inside
When he dies or does the simplest mistake tell him he's trash for doing that as a smurf
in a normal match other people wont be perma push run n gunning you
I mean, if they're low elo, they should probably try and get a grasp of the rifles and other weapons before working on op, marshal and such imo
Works very well if you want to hit sites fast, even on saves, if you just want to get the spike down, his smokes bring immense value. Not to forget his smokes last the longest and is not hollow inside so great for holding chokes for longer and opportunities for ratty plays. And his molly is THE best in the game.
This guy has a bind to drop the classic as soon as it equips
See, myself personally, I prefer using a Marshall over the Sheriff.  I can reload 1 bullet at a time, both hip fire with perfect accuracy, Sheriff shoots faster but has Falloff, Marshall has no falloff, 101 body shot and it’s only 150$ more than a Sheriff, which leaves you with a classic as a sidearm in case you need a close range Rclick.
Deserved
Yeah, that would definetely be good. Super needed.
That's incorrect. Though you are right that during Reyna's ultimate, her healing is uninterrupted by damage, all other instances of healing are interrupted by it (including Reyna healing while NOT in ultimate form). Skye's heal bar can be used to heal while others are taking damage, but the healing won't actually go through until the period has passed. You can test it out, and it will show that the bar is being drained despite no healing being done to a recently damaged ally.
What exactly were you expecting
Exactly. If you instalock, then you lose the privilege to be mad about the team comp.
What are we going to see next? People spamming B main on ascent?!
Honestly I'm gonna find out how busted iso is. If me a hard stuck iron player for 2 YEARS can now pick up iso and just shit on everyone and hit gold then he op.
Yeah I mean maybe, maybe not I dunno. I will say tho, more people need to accept their rank. These matchmakers are pretty good at telling where you should be. The simple truth is if you were actually better than the rank you were at, you’d climb given enough games. If you don’t end up climbing it’s because you’re at your real rank 🤷🏻 

Accept it and improve
“I’m rotating” and “be quiet” seem much more useful than some of the current comms we have right now.
If everyone is playing on their alt account then i wonder who is playing on their main account.
If you’re just complaining, totally valid and I’m sorry, that sucks.

If you’re asking how, imo, chickenpotpie is kinda feminine in that most food names have a higher chance of being a girl. Plus, controller/sentinel and no vc point to it. Not justifying anything, just positing a possible explanation 😅😅
It’s possible that you or someone you live with was part of a data breach. I would check haveibeenpwned.com and enter your email.
Trying hard doesn't necessarily mean you are trying the right things, let someone else analyze your footage
Love her abilities hate their value
Haven’t tried other region but in EU , Yeaa it’s a thing. I know 2 guy who met their partners through valo and i have some friends who is edate 💀
I used to main cypher but stopped playing when i came back this season just because every raze/sova/etc know lineups to destroy all the most useful trips...

 Cypher is still very strong and will be nerfed in the future but i do think a lot of people are just playing him cuz it's meta and then play him wrong(I'm almost ascendant and have never seen so many wrong placed trips when cypher is on attack as I have lately).

It would be fun to see sage change her toolkit a little, but  i dont see chamber being buffed so soon.
People who said he let go are literally fucking blind. It couldn’t be any more clear he held it more than long enough. This was 100% desync.
you'd be confident to if you were an aussie built like a brick shithouse with magic powers
You need to learn how to use movement to aim… if you just try to do everything with your mouse it’s going to be impossible.
The only one of these thats an actual callout is subroza
I like how everyone calls it the Tree skin lol
casters worldwide sweating rn hoping the agent doesn't crack the pro meta
It’s not just them. This whole thread is being weird about the situation. So what he’s not radiant…? He’s giving really good advice & at least 80% of this subreddit is below Diamond so idk why they’re whining about it.. he’s clearly at least immortal which most of the folk in this subreddit will not reach lmao.
The sound too. Love the Prime's Pew Pew, so much nicer on the ears.
Silvers on average don't aim well. You probably just have a poor understanding of the core gunfight mechanics making you a much easier target to kill. The more you play the better you will get if you learn from your mistakes.
Phantom in general is more suited towards Controllers because they're able to use their abilities to create fights where the Phantom is better (as in, within the 15 m range for 1 shot hs and higher damage compared to vandal). Phantom is built for the playstyle where you spray 4-5 shots and you need to wait a bit longer for recoil to reset, instead of tap and strafing as you would with a Vandal.
Hashtag sadhak
ZEKKEN MVP
as turkish players community we use the word "zınk" when we hit a sick shot or onetap. Well, if u are asking why they laugh I don't know turkish ppl can laugh to everything. Maybe its can be because of players with high ego on turkish servers makes their tag or nick "zınk"/"zink" but probably they are just laughing to see a turkish word in nick of someone foreigner to them.
(I hope I didn't make a mistake when texting and that was helpful)
Great for organized play with a team. Imo in solo q comp you should probably buy, so no one randomly tilts thinking you aren’t trying or you’re baiting them for a gun
I mean ya it’s the worst agent in the game by a mile
I feel like they should be banned too if they're obviously in the party with the cheater in consistent matches. The opposing team should be refunded the elo they've lost just like how R6 refunds players the elo they lost from playing with cheaters.
Poor Reyna. She thought she was going to get the ace.
just kinda confusing why they felt light shield was such a problem. it never felt super oppressive, both as a player and also as a spectator- but maybe i'm wrong and it was just stupid op or something
This is one of my biggest pet peeves.  It really jarring when you are jumping ranks and skill levels.
This rotation is by far the fucking worst. All I seem to be getting is breeze, lotus, icebox back to back to back. On the off chance it’s something different, it’s the most boring map in the game Ascent.
Their ability to give you 6 1v1s is truly impressive
And then the max of 10K credits forces you to spend credits on stuff you don't really want, lest you waste your time
Sova is calling Cypher a hypocrite because Cypher deleted his own file to protect his identity.
Nobody said he can’t play the game lol. Esports teams don’t want a racist on their team. It’s bad for business. It isn’t cancel culture, it’s business.
Gotcha! Valorant is also my first fps game so I was wondering if it was me or my setup, from what you've said it sounds like both
Man you really didn’t have to do him like that, it’ll give him flashbacks of his uncle
5 seconds into the round, "I Need Healing"
People would just use discord
Thanks man
Honestly after trying her out a few times, her wall was surprisingly the ability that I got the least value out of. The fact that it's see-through and you can shoot through it just makes it so useless if you're retaking, and I don't feel comfortable deploying it at the start of every round in the same way that I can with a Sage wall.
“Someone got a mic” , “can you guys hear me” or “hi”
You can use it but it usually lose out medium to close range. The more you use, the better you will be using phantom and vandal later on.
I was thinking of picking up the Spectre but I figured I'd wait and see how often I can pick them up in a match before buying it for myself, I figure they'd be all over
Trust me you give them easy headshots, focus on how you peak angles and when you do and all of a sudden they’re whiffing every shot. They’ll tap you every here and there but what can you do. 

If you’re shift peaking angles, w peaking angles, wide swinging when you don’t know who’s there or just generally exposing yourself to more than one angle at a time needlessly you’re gonna get tapped. 

Ps. Gold is where you need to watch out, cause I swear those guys are mechanical demons.
Years of Minecraft parkour is the reason I have okay movement in Valorant
Why ia your game so colorless wtf
viper mommy banner tho
For the most part. Other than when I use a sherrif 🤣bullets disappear when I use that gun lol
Silver 1 was my lowest, it was pretty easy at the time but I’m plat now and it’s much harder
We had a Neon vs Neon once. Ult round is basically laser tag lol
Don't forget about all the smurfs who are hardstuck in their plat-diamond lobbies that smurf and yell at newer players.
Thanks! And yep- makes for a real easy “lineup” lol
How tf did y'all already have time to play tf
He finished the season being 606th. Somewhere throughout the season he won some games in Radiant tho
Recon, Entry, Lead, Point etc plenty to get the idea across. Duelist kinda enforces that 'dps' mentality/role tbh, Riot kinda dropped the ball on this.
That's what we all say in the beginning, then you get that one good deal in the night market, then you buy the battle pass, then you buy that ONE skin you've had your eye on, then you blink and you're $500 poorer.
Everyone forgetting about chamber. Litterally the only character in the game where you cannot get full armour and util + a phantom/vandal in ot. To be fair you don't need his entire kit in OT as the headhunters do t have that much value then. But it is still the most expensive kit in the game.
Oh wow I didn’t think of that thanks!!! Omw to immortal!!!
Ranked is going to be hell while you get used to it. People try a LOT harder, there are smurfs, and overall it takes time to get used to.
Yup. I killed clove, they ulted then I killed them again. Got 2 kills for it
This

Basically, abilities that agents 'equip' are gone (chamber ult, raze ult, Jett ult, sova ult and drone, prowlers, etc) but not those that agents 'activate' (kayo ult, Reyna ult, phoenix ult, etc)
Had a guy troll because I was doing bad for one game. He only played with a pistol in high gold and plat lobby. We ended up losing by 2 rounds. He also tried to sabotage when we were coming back including ulting our own player defusing spike as raze and another time trying to kill our only other teammate defusing spike with raze’s grenade. Sent a fat report but no screen came up for a sanction…. Really sad.
What in the plastic is this
Ahhh I see, thank you
They added a new gun a couple months ago but tbh this genre of games doesnt really add new weapons very often, but does add new characters and maps every couple of months
Agent Store? If I have Gekko 95% of the way unlocked normally, am I just … not going to have that progress anymore? What happens to that?

EDIT: I unlock the third currency type by not having agents? Is this good or bad?
one time my reyna got a 4k and i killed last guy, then proceeded to harrass me and body block me the entire game, we barely won cause i killed last guy at the very last second
Is there even a punishment for cheating in premier? I swear I have played people with walls in it.
You don't really need to stick to one. In my opinion, it's always better to mix in the two styles for different purposes. Wrist aiming for small adjustments and arm aiming for longer distance aiming.
This too
I’d guess closest, it would be stupid if it was random
I've played 200 games on Japan server where the only communication was a greeting at the start of the game and that's it.
nah not really, i never got bored of the old map pool. the more maps there are the less likely it is to get icebox
so do i need kingdom points to recruit them and then grind too? or is it just straightaway get the agent once you get enough kp?
PAY 2 WIN
mf it's ascendant
internet explorer moment
I feel like low elo players forget this is a strategy game and just assume anyone above gold is aim only. Getting the jump on someone with a shotgun can one shot just like a head tap, but with a shotgun at close range you have the advantage.
There was a player card I used during beta that was taken out and never added back. It’s phoenix using run it back as a stained glass window. Idk why they got rid of it, I thought it was dope
Matchmaking works like in every competitive game: You have an elo, based on your elo, you are put with people of similar elo, if you beat them, you're elo gets higher, if you beat someone with a significantly higher elo than yours, then your elo will increase more.

Basically, Riot is trying to get you to have a 50% winrate at all time, your job as a player, if you want to have a better rank, is to beat predictions and have a higher than 50% winrate.

&#x200B;

[Check out the "Ranked Fact Friday" series on twitter made by ex competitive lead for VALORANT](https://twitter.com/search?q=ranked%20fact%20friday%20from%3A%40riotevrmoar&src=typed_query&f=top)
If you didn’t do aimlabs where do you think you would have placed?
Who knew the sova drone had so much swag
Her wall and slow orb are both much stronger than heal...
You’ll experience racism everywhere in video games unfortunately 

You’re black = get called n word

Hispanic = get called immigrant, illegal, Mexican (even though you can be from another country)

East Asian = little penis, pork fried rice, always assumed to be Chinese 

South Asian/Middle Eastern = terrorist, 9/11 jokes

It’s pretty bad out there
Always has been
I think they just havent gone back and updated DM. Or cause they just consider it training and not an actual gamemode
It is the last one, but it's also the first one. If you are even a plat level player, this is what stops your games from being FILLED with players who haven't played in weeks/months and no longer understand the meta.

You know the guy in your game who goes "oh what the hell, when did they nerf Jett", and they haven't made changes to Jett in a few patches? That guy now has to be an entire rank above you to be that clueless halfway through the act. So at worst, he is better than you at something.
Any Duelist (Phoenix #1), Breach, and Brimstone. Viper's is great to force the enemy into your stacked team on defence.
as a smoke main around ascendant level that runs it down.

I play high impact smokes. So what does that mean?

On brim or clove, I will throw both my smokes and run it down with my team. I will never be in the back throwing my smokes and going in 4th/5th. No way, I need to trade these goofballs or they can trade me.

Clove or Brim, run it down, get your impact.
ghost is a good option on pistol when everyone has pistols, but nobody is buying a ghost over a sheriff on an eco round
Tf does this mean lol?
It means they are not Ascendant
"uSeLeSs iNdIvIdUaL"
London servers is where its at fella
Perfect response.
Please do not wish this hell upon us. We have stun mechanics in game but I can only imagine an ice character would dial that up to 10. Imagine standing there with your feet frozen to the floor as Raze rounds the corner ready to deliver the party directly to your face…. 

I’m sure the visuals would be gorgeous tho
"Oh, my back hurts! Everyone is so heavy!" 

\^ Jett when she wins as match mvp
It's me but my teammates hold me down, I would be out of silver already without them !
CS has a lot of custom game modes that content creators showcase, saw one recently where they had a 1 invisible pro vs 10 silvers which was fun to watch
only if they arent grandfathered in
What about this act’s bp? Imo the skins are not appealing so are the titles/cards appealing for you?
I'm a software developer and I do QA, there should be a QA team that prevents stuff like this to be live more than a day. It's not the foult of PBE players, it's the greedy Riot company that probably has understaff teams to maximize profits.
I worded it poorly. Jett does not need to buy or use any utility to hover and be immune to fall damage. Raze does, because if you don´t use a satchel, you take fall damage. Therefore Jett has a passive, Raze does not.
There should be a option to hide your skins from teammates😅 just like your name in streamer mode.
Viper has the best female voice easily. Omen’s is great, chambers is fine especially his more cheerful lines like “I love zis gun!” Honourable mention to Killjoy
this wld be sick, they shld add more fantasy type characters like omen who's a whole shadow monster, everyone else is just a normal person
agreed she needs a slight buff, she is stale, brim needs a bigger smoke map as well
As a masters apex player, bad hitreg is a common complaint
WTF GLACEON TGRACKER SCORE 11
OGs remember when viper was the weakest agent in the game
chamber bros rejoice
KAST is really low, make sure you're playing with your team instead of playing solo most of the time. Nothing worse than an untraded death
Not zink but its Zınk (they spell Different in Turkish ) so its like when you make a nice shot you say Zınk headshot. Or you hit somewhere you say Zınk its dead . Not sure how to explain properly but its a word after you say something hit - explode - especially after a shot .
Not have a meaning its just a word like Dayum or just a reaction word.
Hope you got it lol
It’s not even a question of whether you’re good or not. You’re trying to rank up like everyone else. This is WHY we have ranks. It’s not selfish to play ranked if you’re bad, because you’ll just be stuck in iron. If you’re higher than iron, you’re doing SOMETHING right.
TL;DR Holding spike is the same speed as holding knife.  


You got me curious, so I booted up a custom.  Haven as Sova.  Lined up down C long, equipped knife, and held W from dragon until I hit the box at the back of C site while using my watch's stopwatch.  (8.29s).  Held S until I was back in the original spot, then swapped to spike and held W until I hit the box again.  (8.31s)  So it's likely the exact same, just the slightest of delays on one run.
On it
Honestly they should increase it to lvl 50. The amount of lvl 20 bronze Jetts I get that go 30-5 is unreal. The only thing slowing down smurfs is the lvl 20 requirement.
So true. Once everyone learns to the audio cue and then shoots the *insert new agent ability* it becomes less impactful. 

Gekko was miserable to play against when no one was shooting the flash or wingman. Now no one seems to complain about him.
Iron peaked ascendant 

Toxic at every level
I would be silent too...if someone named skibidigyattrizzy drops into my lobby
You level up once per every 5000 AP. 

[You gain 1 AP per every 6 seconds played](https://valorant.fandom.com/wiki/Account_Level).

50 AP if you win.

1000 AP for first win of the day resetting every 22 hours.

&#x200B;

Let's say you play 4 30-minute unrated games per day and win 2/4. 

4\*30 minutes\*60 +2\*50 + 1000 = 8300 AP per day

20\*5000 AP = 100,000 to level 20.

&#x200B;

100,000/8,300 = 12 days to reach level 20
most of the time they only flash for themselves, well at least from my experience (im bronze 3)
why is Batman in the justice league
Strafe out and burst and back behind the wall to break the shield, once broken peak back out and go for headshot. Basically focus on being a hard target vs hitting a headshot to break his shield, then you can focus on the headshot to finish.
No it just makes sound only you can hear. I thought that too but it’s only on your side
I don't really know what to do with trips so on attack so I usually leave one flank and then use one for anti retake but I'm sure there's other uses.
It’s really not though, your aim is pretty on par. The aim assist in this doesn’t suck by any means, but it’s not going to carry you at all through valorant
Short answer: they're immature and don't want to play from behind   


Long answer: going down 3-0 to start a match does put you at a significant disadvantage due to the econ mechanic in the game. After going down 2-0 the team with 2 rounds typically light buys or uses whatever guns they have leftover from the previous round, this is called their bonus round.  While at the same time typically the team with 0 rounds saved the previous round and are now going to be full buying AR's and heavy armor. Losing this round as the full buying team sets your team back several rounds since you're going to be playing against people with 3-4k in the bank and full loadouts for the next couple rounds while you're going to be buying marshals and sheriffs playing for headshots.
What if she enters a cocoon to grow wings or some shit like a butterfly so you could fly around the map and shoot enemies like Pharah from Overwatch
Hope you all love it! 

I’m really liking the swipes on the dual daggers.
what's the most annoying is that half of those are muscle memory and instead of trying to say Go A now it's just encourage them
In bronze elo it's the same with Sage. She's often played as "fallback" because many people say "We need healer!". Then they play Sage just to heal, if they remember it at all.
As far as i know early access is only available in NA (as noted on the official pbe FAQ website) hence why you dont see EU/APAC pros playing the early access either, he was probably getting trolled by soemone saying their riot or something else
Lmaoo i used the quick replies but just to reply to the agent that says something at the beginning of a round yk, i get people that find it funny most of the time
if you are playing a game and you are playing like ass, people will actively encourage you to quit so they can use you as a second life. it encourages toxicity (personal experience from csgo when it was a thing)
as soon as you let it. Idk? realistically it’s different for everyone, but tbh it sounds like you need a break and you should stop doubting yourself.
Op farmin Ls HAHAHHA, man said this was from yesterday but jett has 2 updrafts
Chamber has the most expensive full load out, costing 1400 credits to get all of his headhunter bullets and trip. In reality, you only buy bullets when on eco or when you’re stacked with credits. 

Sage is second at 800 and almost burns wall every round except saves. Her slows will get varying usage if she’s not anchoring or near the space being taken (they’re also less useful on attack).

Yoru is third at 750 but duelists tend to buy less util in favor of stronger guns.

All the initiators have kits at 700 and tend to burn their util every round for info, entry, and chip damage— on both attack and defense. Skye is the only one that’s likely not to utilize one of her abilities every round (heal).

I’d say, as a whole, the initiators are consistently the most expensive class of agents.
Literally anyone, including reynas and jetts. I'd rather they instalock their duelists instead of having some initiator or sentinel fill that's worse than useless because they don't know how to play their agents.
I need Killjoys turret to walk around and follow me places.
riot, probably: im tired of nerfing this agent, lets just release an agent that counters him hard
For me it was this and Haven. Noice 8)
How they reach level 20 not knowing how to defuse 😭

I get ur point and I agree though lol
I'm not saying their work doesn't matter, I love agent select animations as much as you do. What I meant is that not every intro have to be over the top like Fade's or Gekko's, simple and short intros are good as they are.
Because they would lose out on customers buying skins that look cool on first glance but aren't that great in-game ans then end up not using them
I was telling my sister to stand still maybe I was wrong and she was the genius
Interesting changes. I hope it doesn't lead to many innocent broken BIOSes lol
i asked my scottish friend about this when she came out and he told me this word for word i will copy and paste:   


"Its a real accent its just overly enthusiastic and cringe as hell"
Badass as fuck, I hope they're fun to play. I've been looking forward to this one
He makes fun of other content creators but then look at his own content lmao
Yeah I had a feeling. 

Reyna - check
no skins - check
decent aim - check
I would say that iso is actually very helpful in supporting your teammates as well. When I play him, I’ll use my vuln to set up my teammates. I can use it with Molly players to play post plant or to shred eco rushes. I can use it with raze and Sova to make their util hit twice as hard. And ofc I can use it to set myself up for plays. If you enjoy iso, then play iso. IMO, he’s not a straight up duelist, he’s a bit of a flex agent (meaning he can play support and can entry)
Swiftplay is staying right?
Too long didn’t read, ascendant easy as fuck to get out of. I’ve reached diamond 4 times this act from ascendant.
Use it when you expect an enemy ult. It’ll protect your teammates
This one I like this one
“Honey time to retake 2v4/3v5 on defense again”

“Yes dear”
if they aren't back in ascendent after that many games, they are not ascendent players lol
I don't play Raze but the consensus I've seen is, yes you can feel it, but it's not a huge deal. Mainly just stops the really ridiculous satchels pro players had been discovering and abusing that weren't really standard play anyway.
Yes, what use would a compound bow be to me?
“Don’t play unless you’re planning on spending $$$” 

? why would anyone say that when it's just cosmetics, never heard anyone say this before
That's the joke
Damn when did flower girl get a buff 💀
"I'm lurking"

Lol we know.... You're going mid or the other site..we can see that on the map at the start..
Because they can’t cope with the fact that they can’t hit radiant or immortal, so they express it outwards.
Remake is the real crime 

Remake should take 2 yes votes at most
If someone gets 4 kills and ask if he can try for the ace*

I'm not supposed to keep track of every kill during a round.
asc 3 peak and level 426 currently. Yes i play the game sometimes
riot made very big mistake giving making istanbul server , if you are not turkish and not speak turkish it is impossible to play on that server
Enter quantum networking, leveraging entanglement to achieve true zero-latency with instantaneous state updates for both client and server in the exact same frame of reality.
Nah fr I could kill 4 and put 149 on the last guy and my whole team would miss. I gotta say nt or I’d be chat banned for years
it’s not a flick if it takes 850ms+ to hit the shot on top of not being a clean efficient mouse movement  ngl
no idea what is the cause of your deafness is, but try looking into bone induction headphone, it might work for you
Neo Frontier
Nobody gets banned for using only deceive. I've used it for YEARS in both league and val with 0 issues.
Didn’t even think of the camera lock as a potential nerf. Honestly pretty clever change from riot.
It does, you can tell by how many ice box complain in this sub.
1 for each eye
Hey! I’m around silver/gold level. I feel like my main weaknesses are my aim and stress. I’ve been playing for longer than you have and find it hard to rank up. Granted I do not play very often. I use aim trainers once in a while and they’ve helped get my HS% from 9 to 14-16% (which is not amazing I know). But I find that most of the time, when I take a fight I get so stressed about winning the 1v1 that I end up losing it. Did you have the same issues? And if so, what helped overcome them?

Also. Playing between so many ranks, what did you find was the most “toxic”? Where do you think the comms made a drastic improvement?

Thank you so much for your time! I think the improvements you’ve made are so cool and also incredibly inspiring. Ascendant is probably somewhere in the 1-5% percentile of the play base.
You can fall off the map? It says "VALORANT’s first map with NO boundaries"
I agree.

I shouldn't be told to 'kys' every second game.
Thanks. It was really helpful
kinda but kinda not. the longer it takes you to find your “perfect” skin, the more likely you are to settle for skins you like in between
This is why at the root games like Overwatch, Valorant, and League of Legends will always suffer from toxicity because these games were meant to be played as a team. I know there isn't a great solution to this, but gamers in general are to blame. 

I love Valorant. I think the game is a lot of fun to play, but the community is absolutely awful. I refuse to play ranked without friends. Getting people who are just flat out racist, toxic, and ignorant are far too high. It's just a pathetic reflection of the state of the entire gaming community.
deadlock is bad
The quality of swiftplay games is nothing near actual ranked games, most people are playing goofy. These people might want everything the ranked system offers including more serious matches + MMR/ranks climbing but just find that it's too time consuming on a per-match level
>Why haven’t they added one

Because Rito is a small indie company
You should swap to swift play if you want better practice 
So you are saying, medical school's should start valorant tournaments to improve communication between students?
That’s what I was thinking. Not even 95 but more so 98-99 percent.
oooooh iso would be amazing for this, imagine run n gunning while also spray transfering to the orbs (and opponents have less hp cuz vulnerable). Seems fun
idk, he walked up to my face, and yelled it repeatedly. even after i said "buy? i did. i got everything. armor, abilities, gun." and he was like "no, no, SO BUYYYY"
The fake teleport would have been fine if you didnt make noise
In a different universe the Jett who wasn’t blind 1 taps you and nobody is there to trade your death.

Not a terrible idea, just not enough support or utility to completely validate the play. Nice shots though.
I love pearl tbh.
Cypher is stronger than deadlock on solo holding site, just as raze is stronger at taking it than cypher is. Deadlock isnt meant to be used as a lock down or flank sentinel. Its a sentinel that secures space as you go, wall of chokepoints to prevent enemy going through it, sound sensor on spots when they have to make sound or at least break it for info, and grav net in retakes or space taking.
Shut it down folks this is the post here
I think I can live with that, I think I must live with that
Do not ever try to main killjoy or clove I beg of you
Fade- I want to be her.
Nice, but your speed is the same with ult and knife, so you don't need to switch
No way I always thought like even the bottom frag would have 10 kills or so
It’s a common misconception. Just wanted people to be aware cause it’s a pet peeve of mine
His clothes are fireproof , they were made by kj using his own flames . The inside of his jacket shows the yellow radianite , that’s his flame. Which also is the reason why it’s the only one of a kind in the world and why jett wants his jacket in her voice line if you start a game with a Phoenix . “ Hey Phoenix , if you die , I call dibs on that jacket “ - jett , “ aw don’t be like that , you know you also want my shoes “ - Phoenix .
The only problem is the default knife. Like lemme steal that knife skin. It's right there. Give it to me.
playing this game without saying "well done!" or "QUIET" to my teammates is UNBEARABLE RIOT PLEASE FIXG
That's crazy
heres a list:

* util reveals location
* you cant lurk as well as other controllers
* if you want to smoke a choke, sometimes youre gonna have to smoke other areas even if you dont want to
* no orb smoke, and the one he has is very different from regular orbs
* util reveals location
* the water slows allies
* he *only* has smokes
* most new harbor players use too much smoke and hinder the team
* his playstyle is very different from other controllers
* his range is pretty limited
* lots of allies treat his smokes like regular smokes, and die because of it, blaming you afterwards
* and the competition for controllers is tough

imo he has enough strenghts to make up for this, but most players wont notice the positives because you need to play him to notice them.
If you mean on Split its to hold off mid as its a really important part of the map as proper mid control opens up so many options for the attackers. The point of the wall is to close off that mid area quickly while also forcing the enemy to make noise to actually get past it. So if its played actually well and with a reasoning behind it other than just "haha wall go here cus everyone else does this" its a good thing to do (in my opinion atleast). When it comes to saving the wall for rez or defuse i personally feel like its just not worth making mid a lot more open for the enemy to push. But thats just my opinion lol.
If you win pistol, everyone on your team should full buy round 2 (spectre, bulldog, whatever you can afford on top of your shield and util). The idea is to take the economical advantage and an easy round 2 (because spectres and bulldogs should win against pistols 90+ percent of the time). And then play "bonus round" on round 3 which means, the enemy team is finally on full buy with Vandal/Phantom, you're still on whatever weapon you have left from round 2, you don't overbuy, if you died round 2 you stay on pistols, the odds are against you in terms of winning the round but it doesn't matter: You're sort of here to just deal as much damage as possible. Your opponents don't have the resources to full buy round 3 and round 4 consecutively if they die inbetween: Whomever you managed to kill in round 3 will be stuck with either half shields and missing util, or a subpar weapon (guardian instead of Vandal for instance) in round 4. So if in your Bonus round you managed to kill 3, you're again at an advantage in round 4.

So at the end of the day, your average score should look like this: 1-0 (pistol win), then 2-0 (full buy versus eco), then 2-1 (this is bonus), then 3-1 (if you did good damage in your bonus).

What's happening now is a trend coming from pro play, which I'll explain but keep in mind it's really difficult to pull off in uncoordinated play (read soloqueue, especially low elo). Not that it will necessarily fail, but it's kind of 50/50 and we'd much rather have a 90/10 strategy than a 50/50.

Anyway: The pros' idea is that, no matter how big your weapon advantage is, it's really, really hard to get a clean ace (zero deaths on your side). So pro teams will have only 4 people buying round 2 after pistol win, sometimes even 3, while the other 1 (or 2) guy stays on classic, takes all the risks that need to be taken, puts himself in situations where if he dies it doesn't matter because his teammates behind him will get the easy trade kill. And this guy, because he spent zero, will have enough money to get a Vandal in round 3, to give his team a bigger fighting chance in the bonus round, **while still having the resources to buy another on in round 4.** (worst case scenario, with a half shield instead of full).

Again, I would restrain from trying to do this. First reason being: some people, 4 years after the release of the game, still haven't figured out the basics of buying round 2, playing bonus round 3. So if they see you not buying round 2, they won't either, and all of a sudden you find yourself playing another pistol round after the first one, throw all economical advantage out the window and look like idiots.
Even if you lose, ask her straight after to 1v1 in an arcade or bowling. 

But to answer your question, immo in 3 months is very unlikely unless you have prior tac fos experience like CSGO at a minimum LE/LEM level.
Pearl technically is
Lmao sage not wanting to accidentally throw the round rushing omen trying to get raze the win, but at least he was nice about it. Nice clip nonetheless
WHAT ARE YOU PLAYING? I'm playing Comp and all I get is *SPLIT*. OUT OF ALL MAPS. *SPLIT.*
bro lost to killjoy's s\*x toy
Trying to defuse the spike even though you are from an attacker team
Commenting as this post needs more upvotes. 

Absolutely Broken lineup OP.
As a raze main, I can agree
Unpopular opinion: Bronze sounds cooler than Radiant /s
and why do you want to level up on your alt? to smurf in ranked ...
This is huz.

huz sees people like mah leveling bot accounts.

huz decides to make his own bot farm, but only makes a 4-stack instead of a 5-stack so solo players have to put up with his bullshit.

huz is stupid.

Don't be like huz.
Breeze is fine, but icebox whoever made that map has a special place in hell
First problem is, she fills the less important niche in the game, aka reaction sentinels (sentinels that use abilities in reaction to a pressure from the other team). There is only two agent in this niche, Deadlock and sage, and sage is better than deadlock in almost everyway. They both only have one wall, but sage's block bullet and field of view, whereas deadlock's only block players. You might think it's compensated by DL being able to throw it further from her, but not only does this mean you have to be precise with it to not leave a gap, but it also mean throwing it in front of the enemy, who can then destroy it instantly. So then, why not use it just on your feet? Well because you can see and shoot through it, that means using on the last choke point before site means you're not stopping people from fighting you from main, IE you're not isolating another angle, which would be the case with sage.

The stuns are a good idea but are VERY situational. Obviously you can't use them to watch flank, and you need to place them somewhere you know the enemy is going to make noise. Overall I would definitely prefer a breach or even neon stun over that.

That leaves the nade, it used to be a worst sage slow, now it's a bit better. Still not great but might help you stop a push onto your site. 

I think the best thing to do would be to change the slow nade be to her signature ability, so she can get it back after some time. It's definitely not enough but I don't think we can ever make a great character out of her, maybe an ok one.
No way you put sova’s shock dart in D tier, maybe silver?
I could see them doing a skin for one of the snipers based on Caitlyn’s gun. There aren’t many other choices that make sense.
this is my first time seeing this. definitely game breaking.
It’s a luxury tax for the wealthy aka whales.
I CANNOT hit Reyna when she's in her ult.  Then I turned on yellow color blindness and that made things better!
Bind is one of the only maps I like in this rotation
Gekko > whoever is safe and needs orb for important ult > sentinel
yup! this gameplay was when i was around plat 2/3 last act when i peaked dia1. am now dia2
There was a chamber buff a few months ago. They buffed his ult fire rate by 15%. You're right it's not there yet but it's pretty close
Your friend would NOT survive in a zombie apocolypse.
That is not silver; the silver lobbies I'm in are filled with smurfs and God tier gamers!!!



Unlesss.....


Wait......



Maybe that is....



How I play.....
Its so timmy can make cool clips! 

But yeah, this aim assist looks great
Yeah you kinda do, but it doesn’t have to be top frag style, last man alive clutcher / round securing positions are also a good way to climb if you’re good in those situations.

This season I got sick of how selfish my teammates were though so I started playing Reyna. I had a stretch where I went 19-3 lmao so I recommend it
Great questions. It does not trigger anti-cheat because it doesn't read or manipulate files in the game or even use SDK's for that matter. It reads pixels on the screen which also answers your second question, it only works if the information is already available on the screen. In this case it reads the Spike icon at the top which already pulses to tell you what stage the spike is at. The only downside to this method is the accuracy (it also requires you to have your HUD set to default scaling) but we have gotten a lot better and we also support alot more monitor resolutions than we used to, and we can probably support different HUD sizes in the future too.
To be fair, MiniBoo would perform if he was piloting a ham sandwich. And there’s a reason that the Neon comps have been limited mainly to TH.
Before reaching lvl 20, Neon had just come out and she was the first agent I unlocked. Instalocked her all the time and was really really ass.

Then I was a filler who did everything but duelist, and had choice agents for each role.

  
Initiator - Sova

Sentinel - Killjoy

Controller - Viper

Now I almost do exclusively viper. I did not follow patches at all. So first game, 2nd round post-nerf when I went to buy my two mollies I screamed. Then I began to wonder why I was constantly throwing my orb in places I couldn't pick it up before I finally realized and screamed again. Then I noticed my internal clock was off and the wall seemingly always came down just before I thought it should. Then I read patch notes, but I had no screams left to scream.

I still play her, I just think she's neat.
I think that "I am Prometheus and you are just a god" from cypher is really good
They literally double nerfed the run and gunning thank god.
Miruspixels is a crazy up and coming fossil 🗣️ 🔥 🔥
The thing is that your skill at Valorant transfers into other games. Sure, you won’t be dealing with Reyna’s ult on CSGO, but game sense and aim don’t stop applying the way, for example, For Honor players won’t be able to transfer their skills in any meaningful way because only For Honor uses the Art of Battle system. Maybe Valorant will die and he’ll be able to bandwagon on whatever cool new TacFPS comes out in the future. Or, he just plays CSGO/CS2/CS/whateverthefuckitscallednow
Clove is perfect when the team knows how to push   Site as soon as cloves smokes are down. Smokes are so short duration wise that adding viper with clove makes a very smoke heavy badass team comp imo
Why do people say dumb shit like 'Reyna doesn't belong in a team based shooter'. What about a character with a flash and the ability to self heal after an entry not belong in a team based shooter?

Normally if you entry and get a kill you might lose 60 hp. Now you're down half a player who is easier to kill. That doesn't happen with Reyna when she enters. She gets the entry then is still full health so you're in a full 5v4 rather than having a weakened player.

People should start these posts with 'I just got smurfed on by someone playing Reyna do something about her.'

News flash bronzies, they'd do that to you on Sage too.
You can go to custom games and ask you friends to 1v1 each other and you can sit on spectators list.

By that way you can see both of them and diff pov.
Sunset seems like a nice place.
if i queue with diamonds its dia-asc if i queue with immos then its asc-immo. id rather not inflate my rank
I wouldn't encourage that, unless she really wants to. Going pro tends to suck the fun out of a game, unless you are really into it.
3 uses I use most often

Saying afk when my teammate is in a 1v5 or when they clearly just killed someone

Asking what exactly the enemy sova is looking at when I tp behind them with omen

When I get sprayed through smoke I gently call them “silly” names
Pew pew *strafe* pew pew  *strafe*
French people on valorant act as if France is a secluded island in the middle of the Pacific with a population of 1000 people: when they meet another french speaker, they start chatting as if it's their only opportunity to talk to a fellow frenchman.
It might be they don't allow raze to move other players, that also counts as mobility
Reyna with a stinger and ult is my go to. The rate of fire makes it a beast at close to mid range. Any chip damage on people and you can get so wild distance kills.
If everyone loses on breeze then who tf is winning.
I myself have a 13 percent win rate on it
Same, if he hadn't lied I would not care
That’d be alpha of the val team no cap
Hotfix for a hotmic huh? Neat! I don't necessarily say anything bad off mic but I don't need anyone hearing me get mad at myself because I suck at aiming!
Yeah but no one is from South america haha, idk
When an enemy enters it
6. He tested out his new gaming chair.
Wait, I live in France and I’m Turk. Does this mean I must start a war against the Balkans and sell them a lot of weapons?
My question is, where are these from/where were they posted originally?

Like was this from Val twitter or something?
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES BUY DELL OR ALIENWARE PRE-BUILTS, THEY ARE HORRENDOUS, LOOK UP REVIEWS FOR ANY OF THEIR TOWERS ON YOUTUBE
that’s not true—you can get a 5k and not ace. happens all the time when a sage revives someone, just for them to be killed twice by the same person that goes on to get 5 kills. the announcer won’t say “ace”. also, if you kill all 5 agents and then lose the round to postplant or time, you won’t ace

an ace is when you kill all 5 different agents on the enemy team, and then win the round. which phoenix did in the clip. this situation is really rare i will say, as i have never once seen a posthumous ace in my games
Why did you open your scoreboard in the middle of a fight? It looks like it distracted you enough to not get the trade in time unless you were trying to do something with it. I’m new so just wondering
Just Call no one detained or one detained. If its more the team will find them if they push with ur ult. Nobody will complain if u just call got someone but u got 2-3
it’s almost like Riot has done this before
I mean that’s mostly your deadlock’s fault for blocking off an entry into site lol
Mentions no server/country/degree of temperature = USA folks
Don’t get me wrong , the zip line in fracture is a spotlight on its own, but I would like to never see it again. maybe leave it in deathmatch idk don’t waste a map.
F2p on top
Uninstalling tracker will do wonders for ur mental and improve your experience
Hell yea. That is better than like 90% of people here.
Faced racism but it was pretty weird. 

A guy asked me, "Bro you from x?" 

"Yeah. What's up?" 

"Can I be racist?" 

"I'm muting you"

The friend then suddenly laughed and chimed in "Bro why are you so soft?"  
I immediately muted the both of them and kept quite the whole game. I rather lose than normalize racism
I don't understand why the deathzone is so low
Ngl, for me its an excuse to play viper as 2nd controller
TRUE AF, the brim’s smokes is fucking annoying
S tier from Iron 1 to Radiant #1. Reyna is the only agent to have a positive win rate at nearly every single rank (all ranks above gold) while also being one of the most picked agents(Reyna is actually THE most picked). If you are at all familiar with character based game you know how anomalous that is and that its almost always indicative of a balance problem somewhere. These people saying she’s bad at high elo are incredibly ignorant and are clearly not themselves in high elo. Nobody cares if she’s good in pro play or not, that’s not the game 99.999% of people are playing.
with weapon skins being as horrendously expensive as they are (and with us being willing to buy them), Riot is fine.
Maybe cypher ult your corpse right before you press X and somehow create some weird interaction
A big problem is that people in lower elos put unnecessary pressure on people playing duelist. When realistically people on other roles like smokes and initiator troll 5x harder than the actual duelist. I play mainly smokes and if my duelist is not getting many kills/entry. I first look at my smoke placements, then I wonder what the hell my initiator is doing.

You could be just uncomfortable playing especially with the constant pressure. You could also look at your team’s utility and play around that more. Duelists like Jett and raze can’t just entry on to site, contrary to popular belief, so playing around flashes and good smokes more will help you get kills.

Lastly have fun playing, it’s a game and your life won’t end even if teammates are toxic. Just keep getting better and you’ll find people who support you even when you go 0-30.
This game is suffering from the same shit any game with agents/characters eventually does.

Always has to be something new and it has to be cooler than the last.

We started with characters that had basic easy to understand util and play around. Now every other agent has to have some weird mechanic, global ability, or game changing mechanic.

An agent that can block your shots and deny any advantage you had. An agent that can duel, revive, smoke, and debuff all in one. An agent that can literally do it all blind, molly, plant, stun, detain, info.
My one friend for whatever reason can’t comprehend that by default you buy when you win pistol and save when you lose pistol. I’ll see the dude save after winning pistol and then want to buy after losing in the same game.
They introduced it in console so hopefully they'll bring it to PC.
Playing with your parent sounds like so much fun 😭
There aren't really any rare titles apart from old Twitch drops, beta titles and the obvious VCT Champions titles

You can thank the Accessories store for this.
Facts I’ve been waiting on a good phantom since neo frontier
i just got my key from myth, super excited to play!
"your greatest failure now holds your leash" I think refers to Viper being his boss. Omen clearly lost his memories after being killed/transformed into his current form and Viper took advantage of it and recruited him even though she is the one that killed him in the first place.
afk players and clueless teammates? that's everything below immortal.
lol what this is genius
theres a reason valorant is a 5v5 game
Vipers Molly is meant for you to swing off it and take advantage of the vulnerable effect. The fact that people consistently saved them for post plant was a waste of resources
The movement accuracy was intended, it’s literally in the patch notes.

> Neon now removes all weapon movement error when sliding.

They’re only going to fix the jumping accuracy.
anyone know if res is permanent or timed?
I can confirm I either play like a bot or like a radiant, just gotta pray, I’ve had 3 aces in one game and no kills in one game
I think people play escalation a lot. Just because to get that last knife battle ig
Bro started playing osu with that transfer
I'm a last act Ascendant (3) player. This act I'm an Ascendant (1) player, and I haven't played that much. I don't expect to struggle to rank up to Asc 2 or 3 again, but my RR scores are already the same when I win as when I lose.

These guys are in Plat because they've been bad this season - I don't know what's hard to believe about that. Look at their Tracker scores, they are yellow or red, those are not dominant players. The Reyna has the best Tracker score this season but by his KAST you can see he's an all aim no brain player without even looking at the rest of his history.
Icebox so my cold dead heart will feel at home.
Horizon is underrated
it just feels bad when you clutch the round and noone says gj or wp
Astra will never be buffed again. 





If she ever appears in the patch notes again it will be a nerf.
Nightmare material
you could've made KJ green and Raze orange, but this is cute:3
You just named 2 controllers that viper can both do so doesn't that just make her more valuable as she has value of 2 different controllers? lmao
I buy half shield all the time anyway
u forgot about sage walls being placed behind ascent doors 😈
I'm guessing they're Norwegian, I see black coffee, heart-shaped waffles with brunost (brown cheese) sliced on top in a roll. I initially thought Belgian or Dutch as well, but I feel like their waffles are iconic for being square, or round like stroopwafel. Heart shaped waffles are very Norwegian/Nordic in general.

HYPED FOR A NEW SENTINEL
There was recently a question in this sub asking who are the most toxic players. The almost unanimous answer was: Jett/Reyna
And then they never push it once :(
Might’ve meant that he only hit 5 headshots, even if he sprayed
people who fall for this are…
Bro most people absolutely do not have that shit man. Most of my friend group is running 144hz setups. Our ranks vary from diamond to immortal and none of us blame hardware for our current skill caps.

In fact our highest ranking guy plays on a 60hz monitor.

As long as you are running val at 60fps and sub 80 ping you are not playing at a significant enough disadvantage for hardware to be the reason you aren't winning fights.
ISO needs.....Something.  I'm not sure how to fix him but there's zero chance you see him played in high elo unless it's a challenge series like Royalg does.
Yeah they did everything and even made a dash based champ already early on since League players love high mobility characters. 

Which also of course in their expertise just made the perfect agent in the past like how Irelia and Akali were the perfect champs in their prime.
Aces are earned not given

- some guy on this sub
Legit though, why do people lie on the internet? I've not been on this sub for long, but I've seen this so many times already.

No of us knows you, and not to be rude, none of us will remember your username.
He had auctions for his coaching going for i think $800+ and this is unconfirmed but apparently one person paid 2k
Yep. I really never understood it. Everyone says “they gotta make money somehow” yet the Finals has about 500,000 less concurrent players and is a much newer studio, and they can makes tons and tons of bundles and such for only $10 with a ton of awesome cosmetics… not to mention how they even give away some of the dopest skins for free from challenges. It’s a fucking scam what Riot Games does, I just started playing this game and I was shocked to see people pay for this shit. Ridiculous indeed.
You are barely moving
Listen, you're new. So stop giving your opinion on this. Smurfing is a serious issue and you'll be thankful for that level 20 barrier once you get into comp and see, and you don't even get the worst of it like those of us that were in lower ranks a few years ago when there was no level 20 barrier.
The player base is not growing significantly if at all. So the people in these lower ranks are getting better but so are those in the ranks they are trying to get to so things stagnate. The system is kind of set up to brake itself when you can't attract new players and alienate the lower ranks
its gold 😭 do i suck that bad
Yeah I don't think it should be possible to miss out on something you paid for and never get it, that's bullshit and it's only accepted because it's the norm.
I'm all for it; i've played with countless women that are aggressive fraggers.  Given the opportunity, i'd bet a high amount of players would want to be competitors in a coed circuit.
While true, why ads if you don’t know where they are? He was spamming general location.
I thought V1.0 was the beta title?
I've played my fair share of matches in Tokyo and haven't experienced any racism. Actually made some friends along the way 'cause one guy wanted to learn english with me. Sad to hear that toxicity is happening to you tho.
RIP, Twisten. I'll miss your shorty plays in Valorant tournaments.
it might be. but a ticket would let the professionals deal with it. could be replicatable
*how u supposed to COOK if u not in the kitchen?* /s  
  
can't believe this is still an issue in 2023 but here we are.
Yes, if you lose the pistol round, it feels like you lose round 2 even more often than before. But that's just my personal experience from a few bronze games.
Zellsis as well
omen will ALWAYS be baller, he's tried and tested through time.
She’s a very different character thematically compared to the current cast, and possibly represents a narrative shift in lore
In my experience, no one cares what smokes you play. Everyone is just happy you’re smokes so they don’t have to play it. 

And most likely people will be insta locking clove for a couple weeks anyway until the hype dies down
i cannot believe it was 20 seconds. i knew it was long but that long?
Watch it be a small channel and when they upload the video with this thread/analysis, it will get 50k views and their channel will grow or get recognize by other content creators
Hiar! Kach!
This fixed it for me, I don't know if it is an ACTUAL fix or if I got lucky and it fixed by itself, but I did this:

&#x200B;

1) Go to wherever you installed Valorant and go to the following folder, in my case it would be:

C:\\Riot Games\\VALORANT\\live\\Engine\\Binaries\\ThirdParty\\Windows\\XAudio2\_9\\x64

&#x200B;

2) Delete the .dll file called "xaudio2\_9redist"

&#x200B;

3) Launch the game, and after it opens it will tell you that there's a new patch available, close the game and update it

&#x200B;

After launching it again it got fixed for me, maybe wanna make sure in a Custom Game before playing a normal match
Think this can be solved by adding if she heals an ally, she heals for a small amount.?
but what was clove doin...
Having to look at the orb to take it would be so much worse
Just finished my shift in 911 operator. Weird call , some guy falling in a Montana's BBQ & Bar looking at his phone and saying "bananas are in trouble "
all creative works are inherently the creator's copyright (in this case riot), unless they give explicit permission to use. "ripping off" would make you violate their copyright (unless their tos specifically says its fine). being in violation of copyright means they have the right to take legal action, but nothing happens if they dont take action.

consequences of legal action can mean you paying the reasonable equivalent in damages/or profits from using the stolen copyrighted work.

if you take inspiration from the chicken, and make your own version of it, then that's your copyright as long as a reasonable person would say you put in the effort to make it your own work versus straight up copy pasting the original.
I don’t play mumbai sever just because of toxicity. If i don’t perform they just start abusing. I play singapore server and i think it is the least toxic server.
??????? THEY ALL CLEARED YOU RAZE DIDNT BAIT AT ALL
In comparison to how well every other game rewards f2p players. Riot does almost nothing. Love that you enjoy accessory market but the hate that every other player has is justified.
I had a trolling Yoru on my team drop 30 earlier bc he waited for us all to die and would get 2/3 once he had all the info. Didn’t use any abilities until most of us were dead. It’s possible
Clean! But why is that reaver ghost unupgraded … that tilted me .
Dude gave her party balloon titties
ya im sure Yoru would love to get crushed by Skye :X
I feel you. I duo with my cracked-aim-zillion-hours-on-jett friend and I play initiator 90% of the time and IGL. I regularly drop 20 AST but find myself on the bottom half of the score board even though the three other players on my team have close to no impact on the game. There needs to be more importance to impact. Idk how tho.
(I’m a phantom guy and the 140 assist hurts the most :/ )
Mf would see a store full of zombies with a 50% discount label on one of the windows and immediately get in
I think because there are much less people playing deathmatch and it's not a competitive mode, so you can find people from every rank
They do more player card than sprays, like that one player card basically commemorting Crashies' ace on the fracture zipline.
Aren't 3 stacks more likely to get placed against other three stacks tho? Or is that just a myth.
true, riot makes maps like icebox and breeze where wall smokes are extremely effective, then wonder why she has an extremely high pickrate on those 2 maps. stupid as hell.
Man idk. Massive Demon1 hater here but after I read that thread I couldn't help but feel sorry for them. Shit talking is supposed to be for fun and gags. Now it just feels like everyone is piling on him. I don't think he even cares about the shit talkers at this point. When the health of your loved ones is deteriorating in front of your eyes, everything else must seem insignificant.
I’m just gonna assume it’s because Valorant’s playerbase tends to be younger.

Streaming makes sense for the absolute top content creators, there are so many perks of a high skilled, well paying job, like one in cybersecurity.

Like he said being able to just take vacation and not have to worry about losing subscribers. But also not having to buy your own benefit plans. Health insurance and pension plans add so so much to the total compensation on top of salary.
And they'll keep doing it, so long as people like this guy keep making worthless posts about it

There is a reason they say 'don't feed the troll'
dr0pPinG a sm0K
don’t worry, i’m getting some washed immortals up here in diamond
Is this some rich people joke that I'm too poor to understand?
2 weeks in, and you know how to throw one-way smokes, know how to use smokes to peek out from multiple angles, have lineups for molly's, and know perfect timing for ults. Fully understanding of several maps and where to hold and how to exploit off-angles. Understanding the opposing team's kits and advanced situational awareness.

Forgive me for being skeptical, but it seems unlikely that you are new to the game. If you are, then you are a natural and you are going to be very highly rated in no time.
Great Effort - Very well done
Summary:

Shots 1-5: Clearly missed.

Shots 6-9: Missed due to recoil (bad spray control).

Shots 10-11: Very close, but recoil and inaccuracy make these reasonable misses.

Shot 12: Likely didn't actually fire because he was already dead.
I’d be happy to give tips based on this clip because clearly you can’t see it’s flaws lmao
10 month break.
I'm waiting for an initiator with semi-sentinel abilities. Like their flash/stun can be set up and activate from afar. Imagine sitting in B and flash for your teammates in A.
Her best
VCT is playing old patch too, so they still have extra ammo just fyi
I found this yesterday while lurking around the range and only now I can understand it because I couldn't understand shit with that northern accent 😂
tbh i feel like Clove and omen would make a really nice offensive double controller comp
Why do people play stretched lol
That gives me some peace of mind, thank you :)
wtf was that jett’s problem but anyways nt

i actually didnt know a teammate could shoot at deadlock’s ult and make the enemy come out
For their respective skill levels, a bronze getting an ace takes just as much effort as a diamond getting an ace
I miss replication
you are constantly staring at the floor/ where the enemys feet would be, id recommend searching videos for physical things on the maps to help you keep your crosshair at head height
That’s not why they nerf her at all, it’s because she prevalent in the pro meta. Not cause a new agent was released…..
So you can't get old bp skins that you missed. Bummer
Valid argument, but on the other hand:

GO FOR THE CLIPPP
Law of Equivalent Exchange
kj was probably fighting for their life in chat afterwards
My guess is he was behind that two stack where you ended up that whole time. Once you teleported he started looking towards the spike
“Pull them to their grave”

Arguably the best ult voiceline in the game, can’t wait to hear the rest of Deadlock’s voicelines!
Clearly a skin diff, ns 
Neon will become the first choice for smurfers now. It was already a great but underrated choice, but I feel like it will become the new reyna now
it happens to me so abruptly, i’ll be fine w everyone then one person will shout the n word at me and his duo that was originally cool will join in
This right here, whenever I play comp it take it upon myself to igl, just one person talking makes the biggest difference between a win or lose. Sometimes after talking for a few rounds some people will eventually start talking
Stop firing sheriff like its ghost
I got banned once for cheating in a game where I was the bottom fragger after 13 rounds in total , I had 6 kills and 1 assist, I don’t even know how to cheat in valorant. The game is weird at times.
Its one of like 2 things phoenix has going for him and hes still not meta.
Friend 1 - Iron (Duelist)  
Friend 2 - Bronze (Duelist)  
Friend 3 - Silver (Duelist)  
Friend 4 - Gold (Duelist)  
Friend 5 - Platinum (Duelist)
Yeah, if Riot ever saw a serious drop in revenue for whatever reason, they’ll pump out a replay system, 3 new maps, 2 new agents, 8 skin lines and find a solution to the smurfing issue all within 1 act. They just earn too much to care
I buy the bundles and individual skins that I like but I refuse to be scammed on radianite. I’d rather use skins I currently have and then I wait for the battle pass to upgrade them if I run out of radianite. The pricing is disgusting and is the only reason I buy most battepasses atp
TECHNICALLY

Viper  
Brimstone  
Gekko  
KayO  
"Omen" 

Omen is a bit wonky. His form is the result of an accident, we know that much. However he did work together with Viper and I am inclined to say he may be American. However, his original ethnicity may differ (in light of Iso = Omen theories as well). 

BUT

Let's be honest, whoever Omen was, is long gone. He was reborn. Quite possibly, in America. Additionally, he has a standard american english accent. His voice actor is also american, quite possibly for a reason. By now Omen is closest to being an american. 

In conclusion, we have four, potentially five, american agents, with one being of hispanic ethnicity, the other having been manufactured by international mega corp Kingdom and modelled directly after an american soldier. And the last having been potentially american and now being more american than human i guess.
Shots 1-5: Clearly missed.

Shots 6-9: Missed due to recoil (bad spray control).

Shots 10-11: Very close, but recoil and inaccuracy make these reasonable misses.

Shot 12: Likely didn't actually fire because you were already dead.
Yes. The two slides, no penalty when sliding, and faster movement; she will be pretty damn dominate
the logical non coping answer I came to is 1. my movement is ass 2. my gun/fight hygiene is probably as trash sometimes (which u can confirm by vod reviewing i'm filthy casual so I don't 3. people hit random ungodly shots sometimes, you and I both too.
Why do you mean a leak from official account? Isn’t that just an announcement?
Kj ult already counters viper ult on quite a few sites.
Imagine if the cove was just a sauna inside
welp time to nerf chamber
Firing sounds. The animations can be the one also, for example, neo frontier sheriff vs other sheriffs 💯
──────▄▌▐▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▌ ───▄▄██▌█ beep beep-------------- ▄▄▄▌▐██▌█ -20rr delivery------------ ███████▌█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▌ ▀(@)▀▀▀▀(@)(@)▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀(@)

Seen a lot of this lately XD
Sheriff on a bad day? I'd would personally just chill with phantom or spectre.
I play when they started to getting into politics talk and it’s inevitable the mood getting weird. Just avoiding the bomb
One of the primary factors is round differential.

Yours is super low, so it makes sense you didn't gain much rr.
Is me. I brought down all the omen winrate
Don't know why, but I've been fascinated by these "glitch" jumps lately. Even tho it's just crouch jumping at walls for a bit
Rock
Paper
Scissors
another draw back is that while everything is wider everything also appears to be moving faster
F2P players are tougher than that lol. True cheapskates are not going to be fazed by skin drops. If anything the opposite will happen because in their mind if they can get skins for free by killing/begging then why buy?

But suckers like me, sure. If I pick up a skin from a dead body and if it feels really good i'm off to the store as soon as the game ends.
Everything but the extra radianite.
This post nerfed Viper
Can anyone tell me exactly how the magic that releases this agent on earth works?
Actually.. you're right
That’s amazing! What aspect of your game changed over time for you to rank up to immortal?
Sage ig, just let your friend have sage's as well. Then ull revive them when they die, then revive u when u die
I only read it once so I may be misremembering but I di believe his ult description straight up says the first person it hits
from what i can tell its a bug that happens when astra comes out of astral form
They said he isn’t the most versatile agent to play unless you know you will win your gun fights, which I lose like 70% of my fun fights, so I’ll stick to omen
Thank you for the feedback!!
Not a single bullet fired by you LMFAOOO
I love getting kills with Cypher traps. I always have to stare at the kill feed for a bit in awe lol.
finisher is fire, everything else is mid, might cop the sheriff tho
Preference. I play controller more so I usually go phantom for the increased ammo and no tracers cause I like to spray smokes/wall bang spots. Plenty of controller players use Vandal though.
Lol i have a clip if an 11 year old saying “i can feel the silver in my butt cheecks” this was for his rank up game to silver
A MESSAGE TO MY FUCKING TEAM ON SUNSET ATTACK: WE GO MID, WE WIN. WE KEEP DYING WHEN W RUSH CHOKES. WE GO MID, WE WIN. IT'S NOT SCARY, JUST COME PLEASE.
Silver here, what the heck is “pocket sage”? lol
I feel like “safe haven” is quite an easy phrase to get into a speech?
Honestly very wholesome. Congrats on finding a ride or die party
Sounds like you need some friends bro
This is intended, you get the orb after the round ends. 

I am assuming it is because they don’t want her Ult to effectively cost 6 orbs, as you could just run in and drag at 6 orbs with the knowledge that you basically “have” your ultimate up.
For reaaaaal, I always see that and am like, "Enemy Cypher, be grateful for what you have because I want it so badly."
I'd end it for the day after this game if I was the Reyna
I mean the majority of complaints for Iso I have seen are from high elo streamers and pros. He’s definitely problematic at high elo. Boostio, demon1, Tarik, c0m, cryo and everyone in their lobbies constantly complain about how broken he is. This isn’t a random low elo Valorant complaint from the subreddit. This character is extremely strong in high elo currently and will most definitely be nerfed.
You say that but alot of fighting game players who spend litterally hours on and off  stream in training mode and people love it it's educational and they make it fun by doing more than just grinding matches. Sajam has will it kill where the community watches a combo pause and guess if it kills and veiwer matches. Games and events like that just aren't being done in this community
Experience is only valuable when people learn from it. Considering that I have a friend who is lvl 200 and still in Iron who still repeats the same mistakes he did when he started, it's self evident.
even then if he’s bronze the difference couldn’t have been egregious enough to a point where dropping 37 and match mvp would justify a -28 alone.

no diss to OP but i think there’s a history of not great stats and the game likes to push you toward where they believe you belong.
I hate breeze it’s too open for me, abyss nails the open aspect for me where it dosnet feel too open
The video should credit the reddit user who actually figured it all out.
I mean Chamber is very much a looks guy so him complimenting another man's look is kinda normal

the line about swinging both ways that feel good though that's just on the nose
1.Shoot at their heads
2.Dont miss
3.Shoot before they shoot you

Ez Rankup
Happened to my entire lobby. Everyone was lagging horribly. The people responding do not understand.
The stun is my issue. I understand she needs a compensation nerf, but I feel like her stuns are significantly more important than her slide.
Uninstall isn't enough, unfriend this person.
Proceeds to not use kayo until
idk nerf chamber
the initiator class is super well balanced and it is hard to pick the worst one. Fade still sees play on lotus, bind, sunset.
SAME BROOO like my immo friends have so much time to aim
"yOU'rE pRObAbLy AmErIcAn" 🤡🤡🤡

I'm not.


And still more educated than someone who thinks you're getting a biological “advantage” in competitive gaming.💀💀💀
If Yoru is more your playstyle, then go with him. It's a game, and you should enjoy it. Don't feel obligated to play an agent or style you don't want to.

That said, it's good to play a bunch of different agents in TDM / Swiftplay / Spike Rush to see how they feel in game to see what agents you really like and want to learn
everything people are complaining about in these comments is answered in the article, but I guess Valorant players don't know how to read.
Well, look at it this way. Either those teammates were on her side and, therefore, this was acceptable. Or they really cared about their video game more than the sexual harassment taking place and deserved to have their game thrown, too. So it sounds like wins all around.
I Shit my pants when my enemy chamber says "you want to Play, lets Play". Even when Hes bottom...
This is the most applicable to most players. Riot has to add it right? (They def won’t)
Phantom until I hit a clean headshot to the enemy only to be gunned down by him instead, Vandal thereafter.
I stopped playing reyna and never had that bug again
This is the method where you don’t shoot until you KNOW you’ll get the headshot, right?
he planted AND died to the spike
As a smokes agent she's fairly uninteresting. Omen has TP plays and a blind, Brim has molly lineups and rush tactics (great for solo queue), Viper and Harbor are just really strong in general, and Clove is new and fun to play for duelist mains.
the opposite team reyna in my comp games
Only criticism I would have is not ulting after 3 more on site
I didn’t record it unfortunately, but maybe people could try in a custom game
Agree but disagree. IDK why but valo made a comeback. Player numbers are increasing again.


Me myself had a huge break and got placed in p2 always got shit talked by enemy team that I "peaked" immortal. Back than there was no attendant. 


Rn I'm sitting in A1 comfy and cozy haha
Sentinels are being figured out due to extensive footage being out there and teams starting to figure out johnqt’s calling as well as navigating around zekken. Sentinels are not doing bad per se but it is a slip up in form from earlier and they need to be able to vary their gameplay a bit more. Nrg are a “super team” on paper only. Even last year demon1 used to have off games with eg. If you see Boostio, jaw, c0m, and Ethan they were individually great at what they did. Beyond that potter seems to have been a goated coach in terms of keeping spirits up and coming up with set plays while focusing on improvising with the reserve team eg had. In interviews they said as much from last year. The biggest factor for me so far in Nrg seems to be the team being not on the same page and Ethan’s mid and late round calling. They legit seem to be lost some times against teams that know what they are doing and are just kind of running plays as opposed to punishing enemy team plays. Also because Ethan focuses on being igl his assist potentials have gone down from the heights of last year.
do you have instant respawn turned on in cheats? The same thing happens if you die to spike when you have instant respawn turned on
Damnn thats a great ace... Marry herrr nowwww
yo how’d you get footage of me playing raze??
Hey don’t insult my omen 😡
Practice makes perfect as they say lol thanks for the response!
Araxys EZ W my friends
She’ll need a buff to the sound mine to be a functional sentinel imo, walking past it for people that were flanking you and were already sneaking is basically poop
Hi, Brimstone player here. Yes, I'm in my caterpillar smoke. Yes, you can feel free to walk in. No, you will not win the 1v1 if you do so. No, twelve gauge doesn't care if you're a duelist.
This is wild man 😂
Don't ask 💀
1 million years dungeon no trial
I once wallbanged a guy with op 3 times in the head for 93 and I still think of it to this day
If cod is any indication they would buff aim assist until the point that the game basically plays itself, then if you bring up any issue with this the response will be "lol just buy a pad bro"
I had the exact same thing happen to i think it could be a bug with astra
The absolute GOAT
Its not something people online are really going to be able to help with.  Reflect on what triggers you and why it triggers you.  Maybe teammates aren't doing well, maybe you are unhappy with your own play and taking it out on others, etc.  Its not very helpful for toxic people, but being toxic is likely not helping you win games is you are actually competitive.  

You might need more help than people online can give, especially if you deal with this problem in other aspects of your life.
They likely have better game sense than you. have they played the game longer? Also, not trying to be a dick but i highly doubt they avg 2.5 kda unless you wanna drop their tracker?  


also idk if you meant in game sens of 1.5 (which is still insanely high) but that number doesn't make sense for edpi.
The 11-4 curse thing has been around longer than Valorant has been released. It was just adapted for Val when teams started choking after a 9-3 half
It was really good before they massively increased the windup time. Now its only good for flushing people out of cubbies you know theyre holding and for post plant. I get why they nerfed it but it really needs the windup time nerfed and even with that she'll still be worse than omen on the majority of maps where the 2 are fighting for the smokes spot
I think ur just goated at the game
the idea of making it have depth confuses me
this is the stupidest and most baseless comment I've read today
"I make ice cream" and "ice" cracks me up
Bro really wanted to show off lol
Hold your angles a little wider, your reaction time with the latency from online is hurting you in half of these. Also you seem to panic a little when you see an enemy, try to take your time lining up the headshot before shooting a little more
Another idea: a map that is a maze that is generated randomly every round!
I think it was just fine! You made a play, I could see a plan forming and you went for it. Much better compared to standing behind the viper ult looking like a baboon. wp!
new one is nice, araxys was peak
bronze.
First bullet inacuracy is 0 at that range. The degree offset is smaller thsn her head at that distance, basically.
You can start ff after round 5. The problem is majority of low players never surrendering no matter how down they are in score and individual kda. In addition, when no one is communicating(not even in chat or minimap pings), and they still think a miracle is going to be handed to them.
Basically there was little reason to use other weapons. I’m finding myself opting to buy weaker weapons just to have full shields now.
You went from plat to ascendant III in one act and you’re saying it’s impossible to rank up?
You want to win a lot of games, then you’ll be fighting against gold, then plats…
- Iron: **RUSH B CYKA BLYAT**

- Bronze to Ascendant: Okay guys, let's do a 2-1-2 split, play for picks, don't get greedy and overheat. Omen, make sure you smoke mid, get ready to fast rotate off contact-

- Radiant: **RUSH B CYKA BLYAT**
hatless cypher scary asf
Players?   
Neon and Reyna. 

Character?   
Eh... probably Breach.
no way this is fucking real im going back to csgo
Glass half full vs glass half empty
for every time he blames teammates, he says he knows it's copium and that it's a skill issue on his part. also like someone else said he means soft throwing, like being nervous or expecting to get carried, not intentionally throwing.
Threw everything at everyone, perfection
Ah man, get ready to die from soo many unexpected angles for the first few weeks on this map, looks beautiful nonetheless!
I have noticed they push newer maps more often in ranked so players get used to it I guess
Yeah it will make a shit ton of difference lol. Just make sure you get 200+ atleast all times.
Dont use vsync. Turn it off and turn on Nvidia boost : on + boost.
Yeah fr. People are complaining about something that hasn’t been released yet because it isn’t finished lol
So you think plat is more consistent than ascendant
Jett planted the spike? Impossible.
he was in my game one time playing KAY/O and his aim was terrible, but he did know EVERY lineup in the game lmao
I hate when this happens, especially from my wife
There is no elbow but I'm just gonna assume he meant plant for CT (?)
RIP finest
The panick was very visible indeed
He’s fucking crazy
Honestly they cooked with that description LOL. It’s clearly self aware how over the top arrogant it is but that’s part of the charm and the meme. I fuck with it
i suffered with  this exact thing a week ago and was soooo confused how riot could like miss such an obviously needed feature.

i mean you don't even need a  cheat for it, someone could just keep saying those even with the timeout and it can get on my nerves really really quick
Omen. Because he can do everything
They arent too strong and i dont even feel like theyre nooby weapons, its just that you arent counterstrafing tapping heads so they dont have "skill". In reality its a different skill, the real noob weapon is the judge. And that'll piss em off even more lmao
You all gotta know, sometimes advice from people who just got out of the rank you are stuck in sometimes really help with the advices. Not everyone is able to comprehend what your radiant or immortal brain thinks a gold player should do but sometimes a plat or low diamond can share tips on how he personally got out.
Respect for default purple.
He probably knows that and that’s why he keeps doing it!
They should really fix that. If you headshot two people standing infront of each other you get 2 kills but if it goes through util you do nothing. The wall bang damage of stuff like boombots needs to be tweaked.
yes
Yep it seems like they toggle on some days
I also think it’s strange to claim that people who have complaints about her only do so becuase it’s only an issue in lower ranks. Low rank is considered Iron to gold 3 which based on Riots numbers from October represents around 72.5% of the player base. Meaning yes she’s dominating most players games and an issue. There are videos made about it and posts complaining about her constantly. I never see that with Raze or Jett like people claim. Yes their good agents but the healing factor is what is the issue
people end games with 1-2 kills in immortal & radiant too
I’ve had blatant throwers be reported by my 3 stack in comp and nothing happens. You’re totally fine
The ones that are as clear as water like this, at least in my experience, always get punished fast, like a lot of times when I report someone clearly saying slurs it's usually punished by the next match, if not usually in the next 24 hours.
There is a difference.

It means you need to get used to using your mouse, not panicking when you see an enemy and take your time to aim before you click.
Since it was an unknown boost (no other teams knew about it) fnatic wanted to use it to their advantage.
i wish they would just have all the maps available like overwatch
2021 nats
Jett knife updraft spot
Of all the weaker guns you could have complained about, the guardian is like last on that list to complain about Lolol
I always open it with a warm and relaxing„ pllssss guys I need this W I been playing for 48h straight I need help, HELLP MEEEE“
One shorty pellet to the head at a medium range
9rr from draw is really good, so your next games should really be good for rr gains
Stop going left laughing my ass off, every single iso I’ve seen goes left
Anybody can do it with access to Google lens all without typing a word.

I stan google lens and want more people using it. It's absolutely useful
Ask em to put their mom on the mic
Yeah if pro players know/play/have seen his name then he could actually have a chance at going pro. It happened with i think one of the sub players for sentinels, he was just a radiant player and got offered to play in the scrims. Absolutely dominated and supported his team and now he is a trial sub for tournaments. Good performance on that gets him starter on the team+probably sponsorships and fame. Could be wrong about some of that though but i remember seeing the scrim vod and the commentators talking about this.
Great job. Switched to Ghost just in time
Gekko got way too cocky lol. Good job on the clutch tho!
Don't disrespect my precious Russian boy
Nice shot on neon
Take it a step further and just never shoot back. Don't care about getting a dub in the dm, just survive as long as possible against each person whilst keeping a track on their head with your cross-hair.
TBH a lot of pro's crouch all the time.

That said, normally my advice is to unbind it and do some DM matches, but 3000 hours is a lot of time I'm not sure that simple advice will work for :[ Certainly is a start though
Yeah I agree it is very weird
Realistically you weren't destroying it like that before anyway, but it really does highlight how restrictive the upcoming season is going to feel. I'm on the fence because I get the idea, but holy shit post plant and attacker rotates are going to feel awful. Huge defender side buff imo.
How do you get involved as an analyst?
to me it's like a 3d movie where the 3d glasses are extra.  sure, you can watch the movie but you're gonna have a bad time and it's not what was advertised.
When my right click classic connect
"No!"
He was my enemy in comp, i played sova on icebox and he was fascinated by how dumb my lineups were but they worked, i added him and we played from gold to dia and the grind continues
yeah I agree, people here like to say that using the Op forces people to play with more strategy or whatever, but let’s be honest it’s incredibly frustrating to play against no matter what. not looking forward to this at all
Well, it was never supposed to scan abilities anyways. I don't think this is a bug, more like a change request. I do still think it shouldn't be revealed for consistency (and more genius counterplay).
As an immortal smoke main, let me share my experience.

Smokers are never really giving their credit for what they do. You will win games and no one will notice your impact.

It sucks, but If you know your own impact, it can still be rewarding.

If you like playing smokes, keep playing smokes.

You can one trick anything in this game and climb really far. So it's best to do what you think is fun.
That is honestly very impressive. I am 33 and can only peak diamond. We need an old man Val discord
Thinking that buying skins are dumb at the start
Pretty sure cheating bruh. Like not even pros have that high hs rate.
> All modes (except Team Deathmatch and Custom games) will use the Competitive map rotation.
Current rotation: Icebox, Lotus, Sunset, Breeze, Ascent, Bind, Split

So Haven, Fracture, and Pearl have essentially been completely removed from the game? (besides customs, but not everyone has the chance to play those)
im spectating lol
It’s always the fr*nch
I once got paired with Sen Sacy in DM and I’m diamond. Just is what it is
He’s queuing up with someone who might be a lower rank than them, and boosting so the climb isn’t as quick, with a duo: 
Smurfing **is** cheating. You’re manipulating a game’s system to create an unfair advantage for yourself.
You’ve ever just tell the team to wait a second for the raze grenade for root and someone still pushes in…
Riot just release them already i can’t wait any longer 😭
The spray wheel bug also happened to me yesterday, pressing T did nothing. Also, the bug with voice chat being always turned on for some reason, I literally screamed coz I lost a clutch and everyone could hear me lmao. This patch is full of bugs, man. Small Indie company riot.
btw the second one you just hug the corner
Also Fade Prowlers, Raze Boombot and Skye Dog are effective at revealing the trip positions
some just get off from making others miserable. As if a teammate playing well is not in their interest too.
The two collats. Holy..
Chad DM player here
Act rank resets have always been shit. Riot refuses to stop them. It helps no one and hurts everyone. It hurts low elo players because higher elo players will be in lower elo lobbies if they wait. It hurts regular players be artificially forcing them to grind to get the SAME EXACT GUN BUDDY. This causes the first half of any episode to have really wack matchmaking. All my opinion though.
I know they don't have a reason to do it, but man I wish there was at least *something*. 

Can't believe we get literally nothing. Not even a shitty time-limited event pass with some free radianite, a simple gun buddy/poster, and a title to commemorate that you were around in Christmas 2023.
I have the opposite opinion, I love her accent.
They don't understand economy and then force me to buy them a gun, even though we're guaranteed to lose that round, then whine that I didn't buy and that I'm throwing
Super annoying having to drop a skin for someone every round because they threaten to throw otherwise. 

I've had people ask for a skin and then complain about my choice of color variant. 

I no longer drop skins for randoms. I politely say no, if they ask again, I mute them. I did not pay money to get harrassed.
Same in India as well
I do love how vibey som is lol.
I am hearing impaired and while accessibility could be WAY better, i play just fine by keeping an eye on minimap and kill radar, using lots of spacial gamesense and peaking most corners.

Its a lot of work and you have to play really differently to most. The visual cues on minimap, crosshair etc. are very helpful but still disadvantageous
proper ability list: 

- one time overheal (no line of sight like reyna needs) 
- thrown vulnerable grenade that bounces once
- recharging brimstone style smoke that you can still use after you die
- self revive

yeah i don’t think it’s gonna be long before clover gets nerfed
How did they know you had a daughter? Btw this really sucks but it's a common behavior because the people that say sh!t like that face no real consequences. Maybe their account gets banned if you report, but thats all. Imagine we had a system like Korea where your game account is tied to your national id, then this kind of behavior would be less.
Cheers.

If you’re worried about how to not bait in general, just try to not hold angles your teammates have already cleared. If you find yourself doing so, just move up to your teammate and fight angles with them.
How did they get access to your account?
>There's no way for me to play comp with my friends atm and make it fair, just literally none

Good, so don't play comp. Glad we're on the same page
Stuck is iron for a year is a pretty impressive  feat.  There's a less percentage of people in Iron 2 than diamond 1.
For anyone wondering, here is the profile https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/koa%23%E3%83%BCresa/overview?playlist=competitive
I mean, i think its probably down to what you said. You use your brain. They are mad cause they get outsmarted. 
The odin is a legit weapon which has it's use cases (watch a pro match on Lotus for example, good chance it will see use.). That said, in ranked you might have to expect players with crispy aim to headshot you, before you get two shoots of, so picking up a vandal once in a while to improve your aim isn't a bad idea either (of course, play however it's most fun for you <3).
You can't use they/them pronouns in FPS callouts without trolling anyways
Riot please bring back Blur Studios to do the cinematics again... these new ones look so rough
They should be knocked off by headshots and have to be picked back up like gekko util
nobody says “wallsmoker” people just say viper or harbor
If you're a trio and you're not getting out of iron, it's not going to be your teammates' fault in the long run. Think about it: assuming you three will never disconnect, your team has 2 potential afk players from your two randoms. On the other team there are 5 possible afk players, so it's way more likely for you that you'll benefit from someone going afk.
Acrethedog even though I don't play cypher. Just because he's a fucking husky.
John valorant
System itself is not bullshit. Its the fairest monetization you can get where the dev makes money and the player has the agency to spend or not spend.


Problem is all the other devs missed the part where it only works if the game is very good. 




Thats why cs can have 100k skins and not be p2w
do you think it might be aimbot?
CSGO had that option, guess what was happening ? people were griefing as hell the bottom frags so that leave and the top frags could have two lives.

Even better, you could kick people, guess who was kicked frequently ? yeah you guessed right, the guy having a very bad game so that the smurf have two lives.

At somepoint Valve realized that this was a terrible experience and decided to remove that option.
what the immune system
People still have no clue how busted Odin is on Ascent and Lotus. Either that or they know and choose not to buy it, which makes no sense to me.
Not rlly related, but I wonder if Clove could die if their abilities are nullified by KAY/O beforehand
Getting put into a lobby with chill people
There is a reason soba is the first agent the game introduces you to, he’s just a well rounded choice. Great info and kill potential, with darts that work and a very straight forward ult. So that’d be my recommendation.

On the other hand, omen is really fun to play with his tps and his blind, not to mention you get to pick where you smoke. So if you’re interested in a controller, I’d recommend omen as he can give great value not only as a smokes, but as an initiator and even duelist.
Sick of seeing people enjoy what they like
i hate league of legends for one single point (although i have played it for over 5000h, luckily
not anymore): The game breeds those fragile egos, but on a big scale. Those players, every game they might play after league, let it be Valorant or any other MOBA, they will infest with their fragility, spamming ff votes asap because they went 0/1 in min. 5 (although they play a game where the average match length is is 40 mins., so there is plenty of time to come back). It’s really frustrating and playing competitive online games, you can often tell who is playing league and who is not
Got +14 in a draw yesterday with 35 kills
The star showed 9 performance point bonus 
So 5rr for draw + 9 bonus point
1) selection bias - better players play DM more to warm up 
2) game mode dynamics. In comp there are way more things to think about than just clicking heads, and you get more uneven (not 50:50) gunfights, so people can seem worse
I watch him every day 😩
Bros not heard of video games apart from valorant that actually came up with deathmatch modes
"Im already at enemy spawn, wheres the backup 😤"
-me after dying with my yoru lineups
She could be standing still, I would still miss.
I cannot wait for the most overpriced bundles we have ever seen. Cannot wait.
“and when i’m trying to diffuse, they freakin ult me! like wtf is that? so boring”
Your question's been answered but just a general tip - most things that you do that create sound the enemy can hear will create a white ring around your dot on the minimap that indicates how far away the sound can be heard on the map.  If you don't see that ring - then you didn't make noise.
Wrong, if reyna dissmisses she can go through the wall.
the ult gives you an attack speed increases so yes it's useful regardless of colours
I can only speak for Chinese, but spoken Mandarin doesn't differentiate between gender at all ("he," "she," and "it" all have the same pronunciation of "ta"). In fact, written Chinese didn't even have gendered pronouns until after Western influence; 他 used to be used for everyone but is now considered masculine. Some nonbinary Chinese people continue to use 他 because the 亻radical technically means human and not necessarily man. I've seen others use X也. Personally, the coolest character I've seen a nonbinary Chinese person use is 祂, which is historically written for gods. I think for localization, Riot should reach out to nonbinary/trans folks fluent in different languages and cultures.

Disclaimer: I'm a cis woman who uses 她 and am not nonbinary myself.
You had a full 5 stack. Its the wild west of matchmaking at that point. Git gud.
sheriff hs is a 50/50 bc it kills my mood if i hit someone 145 lol
Try smoking meth
Cypher main here. 9/10 times, most players are going to alternate attack sites if they've gotten their shit wrecked by even a half-decent setup. Why you wouldn't want to wage psychological warfare on your enemies is beyond me. I almost always leave one trip or cam on the old site just in case, but usually they don't expect a setup twice in the same spot.
Phoenix looked like a fire bender, and as someone who loves Avartar I stuck with it. My second main is Cypher who looks like the spy x spy comic. Lol
byeah
People are kind of refusing to answer, but this behavior is really really common and is usually called “pick me.” You’re noticing a real trend where women will be more toxic towards women than men are to try and shield themselves from toxicity from men by being “one of the boys.” There’s a lot of writing on this phenomenon in wider society.
Immortals at some point don’t really aim train. Its just that they post videos on how to aim train to get there. Most imms i know just warm up and go. Its less aim flicking and more game sense and mechanics. All imms should have decent crosshair placements and reaction. So everyone in imm just outaims everyone else.
theres probably some things they could add to help out with this problem, however many things will have an effect on the competitiveness of the game. 

riot, and many players will not be fine with some sort of visual indicator of where things are going on, simply because it disrupts the competitive integrity of the game. we dont want a situation where everyone has to use the acessibility options because they give u an advantage. i hope this makes sense.

if its something that can be added that does not give an advantage or disrupt the competitive integrity, sure. but i dont see an easy way to do this.

i get that it sucks for someone who is impaired, but then again, we cant all cater to those that have their handicaps. valorant is best played and reliant on hearing. if u struggle with this... to some degree its tough luck.

not here to clap back and be rude, but im sure u can understand that certain changes or additions could make it worse for everyone simply to accomodate those with impairments. for a game like valo... it can be rly hard to add some of these things.
Damn in a full game is crazy
As long as her wall stops movement but not bullets she will always just be a worse Sage IMO
5
Give the calls when you die then shut up.
It's an online video game played mostly by young men.

They are going to hate on you no matter what.

Shotguns? Noob.

Op? Op crutch.

Odin? Noob.

Using util? Just fight me!

It literally never ends, mute if it bothers you other wise just laugh at them, and win games.
Nah, never have i ever felt moving back to CS

The constant updates and balances changes that valorant gets (New meta, agent ect ect) Makes me want to stay. I also played league, overwatch and the sort so this typa game was for me for sure.
Payment is messed up. Temporarily players were able to use Vbucks instead of VP.
Personally, I don't have a problem with insta-locks. However, of you insta-lock, you also don't have the right to complain if the other people don't pick exactly what you want. 

If you want to have a certain aspect in the teamcomp so badly, do it yourself... or atleast give other people the chance to share their ideas and solve it together.
There is the client side (what you see) and the server side (what the server gets). When you give the firing input the client side shows you firing while it sends that input to the server that register it. It can happen that on server side your death already happened when your firing input arrives so it doesnt get registered. But due to the need of instantly showing you your gun firing the client can't wait for the server response in order to fire only if the server registered that input.
it’s so true but my generous heart still gives it away 🤦‍♀️
Right but are you a pro player, are you even playing scrims/ 10 mans? You're talking about ranked & in ranked reyna is meta. You have to accept that.
Draft starts: “anyone got mics” 

Me: “yeah I do”

Them: “ok now I’m throwing thanks to this guy with the mic”
Not even a bad take. However Iso is probably the worst agent right now IMO, especially with deadlock buffs. With his less than optimal kit he definitely needs all the advantages whoever plays him can take.
Good on him. Tired of people insisting Content Creators have no influence.
Calm as fuck
Cypher is a terrorist on B site, i genuinely don't know how to enter safely without a raze to break the concealed wire or a Jett to updraft-dash in.
Bronze logically gas the highest number of smurfs
Its to stop pushes and to me 2 mollies is a lot of stall combined with both orb and wall for decay.
Pay me and I’ll queue snipe him and keep feeding him Ls until he quits
I think it’s to discourage throwing for knife kills
My brother in Christ if you lose the first round you are meant to lose the second round. That is statistically what is supposed to happen 99% of the time.
the raze not using ult on last round and just swinging made me irrationally angry
This + 0% movement error. Everything but movement error was okay, that one is just too far imo
average valorant teenager
I think ruin dagger is the best battlepass knife
and it is at least top 10 among all the knife skins

Magepunk butterfly knife is my favorite skin right now
The yellow variation look really nice
You can't use abilities in the iso ult.

Unless you mean if you can block iso ult with yoru clone, because that does work - not reactively though.
Honestly these road to radiant mfs should take inspiration from Woohoojin and Geeza

Geeza was doing a similar raze to radiant series, and after a Collab with Woohoojin, he decided he's never going to do such challenges under ascendant.

Geeza isn't that big of a content creator and I know for a fact that he can use all the watch time from those iron to radiant videos to help him get the viewership he deserves but he chose not to 

I don't think Hooj needs an intro lmao, but he's strongly against smurfing and he makes really awesome videos on YouTube

Both of them stream on twitch as well, if any of y'all are interested

Also Geeza rn is top 100 NA radiant
I ain't leaving no smokes to some Tenz wannabe that hasn't smoked since they picked brimstone once and said "never again".
Id rather a chamber than a deadlock, sage or having triple duelists and no sentinel but also id much rather a kj or a cypher. If you enjoy playing him though, cant play kj or cypher and need a sentinel then go for it
Imm3 perspective here, Ive only played ISO since his release this act. I am sitting at 220 rr at the moment.   
1. His Vulnerable ability is incredibly strong with Raze nade, Shockdarts, etc.. Like really strong  
2. Double tap is (IMO) a better version of reyna heal. Being able to take an op shot is very strong.   
3. The wall needs changes, its very slow, doesnt move with terrain (vertically) , and feels out of place. Maybe speed it up/change the animation speed of deploying it  
4. The ult can be VERY strong in niche situations, but ive mainly been using it to secure rounds against ecos, postplants, and killing ulting jetts/chambers who dont buy guns. Its a fun kit  


overall I think hes good but hes a more supportive duelist.
new black ops trailer
Note how all the players in the video aren't moving. That's a subtle reference to the players I get on my team most games.
They watch woohoojin
Who knows how Riot decides on things
I read the post as all operator skins lol.. 

The correct word is agent ;)
This got to be sarcasm.
They made it so if you stand in the full duration, you die. You can use it for potentially clearing out angles now since the enemy can’t tank the whole molly and force them out. You also still have one of your mollies so you just use it like you would normally. You can use orb, drop orb at low value and shoot the molly n probably get one or two if they decide to push through it or get enough fuel to put up orb again.
This seems like a total no brainer. It's pretty weird that you're locked out of lower ranked gun buddy if you're better
It has. Many players have suggested to buff the slow ever since his release.
Yeah that’s definitely something I need to work on next time, either trading my teammates or shooting the eye there
VCT already is mixed gender there just aren’t any women good enough
He's the all time greatest raze player 😱
Not saying I know what happened, but they lagged out of Discord too, not just the game.
That throwing of spike again and again and again made me angry lol
> It's like Reyna's only purpose as an agent is to be one for smurfs to play.

I've never described my hate for reyna this way, but it's a good way of putting it. My biggest issue is being rewarded for shit positioning/decisions by being able to dismiss from even just an assist. Jett's dash was nerfed to combat this, but they've never once addressed reyna's eject button ass dismiss. I know valorant is a game of "unique" and "varied" abilities, but the dismiss on top of an oddly unbreakable flash is the most annoying shit to play against.
Roti is not doing anything except making trash skins. No DM update in over a year with repeated complaints. No kill banner updates. Even taking back the refund option for purchased skins it seems. If the community is cancerous riot's ignorance is the cause. 
For the .00001% of gamss with a cypher and a kj lol
Breach
the animatronics do get a bit quirky at night
Because that lvl 100 can suck. The same way a level 3 can be very good.
I don’t think a single ESports team uses aimbots or wall hacks but they still shouldn’t be allowed.
Meanwhile I just moved over from cs nd loving it.. Riot are way better than valve. Like 10x better
> peaking gold whole having played since Beta

I feel personally attacked.
This entire post is just you justifying smurfing. 

Doesn’t matter if you’re being toxic or not, you are willingly throwing away competitive integrity and ruining matches. Even classic only. Nobody wants to play with someone in ranked who is actively handicapping themselves because they think it’s fun or will make good content. The fact of the matter is, no matter what way you frame it, you actively have ruined hundreds and hundreds of games because you felt your content channel was more important than everyone else playing the game. You don’t see smurfing as a problem because you are the Smurf. If you had people leagues above you actively ruining your games you would have a different opinion. If you had silver players buying radiant accounts and ruining your games, you’d be upset. 

Smurfing is a shitty thing to do. There is no “grey area”. You’re a shitty person for justifying it. And then by making content knowing younger audiences are your demographic you’re just encouraging them to do the same. You know what happens when a plat player tries to do classic only from iron? The peak bronze 2 and throw loads of games all because they saw someone’s YouTube video who did this to immortal. Whether you asked to be or not, you’re a role model and have influence over people and you’re choosing to use that influence to make the game worse.
you just havnt found the right ones for you. half the top ones are for sure, but like acre is a hell of a time to watch if you’re dignified, and maxiedome has the exact opposite of what you’re describing
Time to stim into site and suicide bomb Cypher
LMAO OP probably tested positive for every drugs possible after making this post
Also for omen mains
Why the fuck do people do this shit? Do they like acting like a bitchass baby in competitive games in general
They should at least give us in swift play the option of choosing maps
You did hear that before if you’ve been looking out for leaks. I think almost a year ago they mentioned SmokeDancer
I was like wtf is this wall hack ? 

Lmao, custom games with close buds are full as always.
I have my graduation in a few months, i wanna try this lol
Most polite valorant player
Careful, the hivemind might not like this post lol.

Your gonna get so many comments saying "well its a team game so 5 of you can EASILY kill a RADIANT smurf in your bronze lobbies" 

God i hate the whole " smurfing teaches you something " yeah, teaches you not to play this game. I have friends who are in iron to bronze and for them it just not fun at all to get headshot before even seeing the enemy
I don't understand why people think Riot gives a rat's ass about player opinion. The game is infested with smurfs, super high skin prices, and a radianite point system which is nothing more than a scam. People have complained for years, Riot didn't care, and they still don't.
I’ve been a vid watcher of his for a while now and have recently noticed that he’s become a lot more egotistical, i watched his stream when he landed in madrid and he banned 2 people from his discord for assuming another play was optimal during a cod review
Yeah cuz folk 2 rank tiers above you probably know how to take fights together, double swing, and trade effectively, instead of just giving you ones.
"I don't really know the context of it" then stop talking if you don't. The person he was going off on was making racist and offensive comments in their chats. 

There's genuinely no way you made an entire reddit post for this, AND took it out of context.
Favorite: Bind
Least favorite: Fracture
>she's really fun. Whether or not she's good

This.

My opinion is that you ignore everyone telling you weather the agent is good or not. If you are having fun and are comfortable with that agent, that's what matters.
This is obviously a feature and the devs know this would happen, right?
Reselling skins wouldn't make sense for devs OR players unless those skins were locked behind a lootbox system. And I don't want a fucking lootbox system for the game
Why does my judge not do that
B-but I should be able to negate this agents ability by doing nothing at all! It’s not fair to trade utility for utility
[Now I know why this meme was created.](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=2ahUKEwiV6YmQuoaHAxUUGlkFHb2vDukQwqsBegQIDxAG&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DA8kGxcBdXYs&usg=AOvVaw33q27CfIwOeFIuNyVjoG4g&opi=89978449) For people like you.
You seen Tenz flicking with vandel, now see this dude flicking with freaking judge.
Bro just posted for an excuse to show off their skins
Way better than the 2-site maps like Haven...
*instalocks duelist* 
"Guys why the fuck is no one on smokes you sold gg game over" 

Yeah no thanks
Yea, when that happens and they get really toxic about it it's an easy mute and report. You have no obligation to give them their gun back.
The title of this post made me giggle. 

All jokes aside, I’d recommend insta-muting the toxics OP. Getting into the habit of doing this will make your overall experience of the game more enjoyable. 

Besides, that mf prolly gets 0 play if that’s how they talk to strangers. Rude as sh*t for what? Keep your head up bud :)
Wind girl go fast up down sideways throw knives good
PLEASE I BEG YOU!
I just comm the bullet amount then shut my mouth. It tells them that they are low on ammo and need to go for headshots or reload. This way your not backseating them so they don't feel annoyed.
Hoping onto a game just to find out you need to fight your ping instead of your opponent
Damn. May he rest in peace.
i miss being deep with her 🤧
its honestly wild how anime and otaku culture (and getting bombed by the US) reversed a country's entire history of xenophobia and violent imperialism. honestly the biggest soft power dub ever
Deadlocks needs pros to pick her up and show us peasants how to play her.
I just saw on [Twitter ](https://x.com/Altombre/status/1800624609919922620)they're working on a fix
I lean into it like "I'm so sorry man, please forgive me, just tell me what to do I'll do it" then if they got nothing to say regarding actually making me play better, I lean into it harder "you're so RIGHT man it's actually crazy, people just don't get that OMG dude" if they're just a mic moaner, screamer or anything of the sort I usually just mute.

  
Works flawlessly so far, not quite sure why. Then again, I've never faced genuine vitriol. Idk how bad you get trashtalked, but most of the stuff people say in this game is weak af lol.
No shame in maining sentinels, plenty of big dick plays as kj/sage/cypher/deadlock. 

I would much rather have multiple sentinels who know what they're doing over my low elo duelists who only care about kda.
Brought to you by: a dude who hasn't seen a naked girl irl
1600 dpi and 0 sens, he will become radiant
The gun buddies are given when a riot dev feels like giving them, the reason doesn’t necessarily have to be good
LMAO yeah I would've uninstalled bc of that 💀
The early morning games are where it's at
U know, Rito small company, just one dev, not like Volvo.
$3.6k been playing/paying since beta
Play is good, but the most amazing thing was seeing someone shoot Dizzy.
I've been playing on a 240hz monitor for like 4 months now and I went to my buddies the other day and we were taking turns playing Val DMs waiting to go out to the bar. He only has 144hz. I could really tell and I never thought it was that big of a difference when I switched from it to 240hz at first. Playing on anything less than that is just eye bleed territory for me now so I get it.
Wait what? Just curious on what server you play?   
  
In EUW I never experienced that. I mean I can buy my gun with the skin in the next round anyway? Or the person who picked it up can buy me if the money is low.

Most people, including me are trading skins, or even trade skin vs a noskin weapon. Because why not? I can play with my skin all the time and I'm happy to trade it with a skin I don't own or let someone else have it.
I'm not even into the esports scene but this quote is so tough lmao. What was the context/did this team win? Who's Tyson?
The Valorant team has come such a long way. I am so happy that they are considering hardware bans for severe repeat offenders. I am also so proud of how much the community has developed in addressing toxic behavior. The mindset of this sub has definitely changed since the game came out of beta. Not sure if it's a shift in the diversity of players or people actually understanding why toxic behavior is bad, but I'm all for it.
drop tracker or 12k hours friend doesn‘t exist
Don’t give them ide… oh…
this cant be real - it's missing "buy the SEN bundle"
excellent ! love it
He is just baiting you to play with him
20 🤣
lol why tf would you try to kill urself 10 times
I don’t see Clove replacing Omen. While I do agree they will have a decent pick rate, Clove’s kit is cater towards being selfish. They have an overheal for a few seconds before going back down to whatever HP they had previously. Decay I can see having a lot of value. But Afterlife smokes has a range that you have to hope they didn’t die far from site in the event of post plant. I saw people overhyping it without realizing how it works.
My duo pc disconnected just as we started the round, so I voted a remake. This dude literally declines because “he came to play the game not remake” then went on and on about reporting my duo AND they all decided they’d rather forfeit the minute they could…..I felt like I lost a few braincells just being near them??
I'm surprised just how good it feels to play on controller. Huge win for Riot.
That makes a lot of sense actually
I feel like the only way to put this to rest is to show us that controller radiant account. Or when the reset happens next episode to grind that controller account back to radiant. I don’t hate him at all I’m a big fan and he has coached individuals to Radiant. Never gave him a dime so I don’t care.
Getting 8k KC is actually easier than farming xp before. You needed around 200k xp, which is around 3,5 weeks of serious grinding. Now you can get almost 1k KC ina day with same grinding. So no, it really isnt worse, its just a bit more complex
I like the 2 kill refresh mechanic.  They should have dropped the stupid orb thing and have him recast on reset.  Would put him on par with other duelists as well.
U had THREE plats agianst a all gold team. Its schocking u even got above 10 rr. U cant really do anything about ur match making
i wonder how the lightstick sound
If you’re good enough you’ll hit radiant. 5 stacking will make it much harder to get there imo. I wouldn’t listen to your boy too much lol if he’s gold in this game I highly doubt he’s pred in apex lol I’m masters in apex and got to ascendant barely playing this game.
Best news i've heard all week!
I was happy when breeze was gone :)
Fr if i shot like that it would be like “hmmm 8 bullet to the head 29 on the body and 17 to the legs… that will be 48 damage”
>there will be just a message: thank you for supporting valorant?

That's a possibilty
Idk if valorant players realize riot can implement a replay system, they just don't want to do it at the moment
Seems like it might be the doors not correctly being reset between rounds.
Can you recommend that turning on your monitor helps?
Learning how to play off flashes is a fundamental skill.

What fundamental skill are you looking to work on specifically?
People who smurf are equivalent of gym bros laughing at fat people hitting the gym.
LET'S GOO BABY, ROBOTS IN THE RANGE DROP SOUL ORBS NOW! Finally, I can feel like those smurfing Reynas in my games when they one-shot me when I play on easy difficulty Spike defusal.
Can also walk through the walls
He treats t3 subs as friends including holding them to a high standard and ragging on them incessantly as friends do.
Nah, that just makes iso even more of a bad reyna. 


We got a unique take on a controller - a class that most people in ranked say is chronically underplayed to the detriment of the 4 dualist team. Lets enjoy it and hope we get more controller less dualist fills, even if its not *as* optimal as a lineup larry viper.
The tweet now appears to be [deleted](https://x.com/georgegedd/status/1770575843384869098?s=46&t=_0oqlS_4oFdecxiCJ8kxnw) now
The most cursed ace I've ever seen, love it
True, but both of those are pricier than the shorty/bucky respectively, and only achieve ‘almost as good’.
yeah and it also doesn’t say the skin when you’re hovering on it like it used to. definitely nothing major but that’s how i learned the names for skins i hadn’t seen much or at all and now new players don’t get that
I feel like it was a move to make her less powerful when the bird recharged. Now that the bird does not recharge, I think it's fine to dial it back by one orb.
OP mentioned he has a dorm room earlier, so presumably old enough
If you enjoy playing her then I don't think that's anybody's business.

But as an agent, I think her abilities are just underwhelming and there are agents that could do so much better as a sentinel.
Well considering that most of them found out about the valorant protocol after committing heinous crimes, (arson, mass murder, espionage, chemical warfare) I think that it makes aense
That;s because some players came from PC so their level is much higher.
4 stacks haven't been a thing for a long time now, for that exact reason.
On today's list of pointless changes nobody asked for.
He means he's not exaggerating
For some reason that didn't really occur to me though that does make sense. Might have to start doing that actually.
I use the trans flag banner it’s kinda wild how mad it makes people.
Clutched a 1v3 on bind with a judge. The cages are amazing
bro just casually says that this is in between 7 ranks lol
I play Singapore server but queued up for 1 match on mumbai and let me tell you, i lost braincells and had to turn off the game. Everyone in my team was throwing other than my duo and cursing at the enemy, throwing away their gun and trying to have a knife fight (enemy pulled out their gun), going mid every round even tho enemy jett is holding w an op and dying every time while i go and try to plant and die cuz enemies are stacking and no one clears site. Its fine to troll when both teams are in on it but its not fun when opponents are trying hard and youre getting shit on.
It's an old chart, but isn't [this](https://twitter.com/davidnotty/status/1397646525811945474?t=ngTN1rOVZn6uQuzHuiivIw&s=19) essentially an "official" height chart?
I know it's just that I ranked up after grinding the past few weeks and this made me on 0 /100 rr
Where's the tutorial
$12 for discord banner is outrageous.
Regular ones with way better design are like $5 lol
The ascent one at 0:54 illustrates this quite well. Bro needs two mouse swipes to go from stairs to lane, that's wild. What's that, 5 mouse sweeps for 180, maybe more?
The area right below heaven is hell, Haven A site is the best example for this.
That garbage sounds great in titanfall and apex legends but not in valorant
Noooo not my 91.7% win rate map
30% chance this is Revolver lvls of busted.

Why is the leg damage so high?
at high levels they will say their own game is harder because ego + they understand more of their own game than the other
“Bonjour” 😡😡😡😡
"Sorry, I need to take my grandma to jiu jitsu" and quit the game.
I think in anything that isn't comp, they should always have all maps in the rotation. In comp, I guess it makes sense, but they should still have most maps idk.
Ahhhh, I see! It's so obvious now. Thanks a ton!
It is a spike explosion, it’s just that canonically, only like one has occurred and it was so catastrophic (yaknow, Venice in the sky) that the team is making extra sure it doesn’t happen again.

The spike not doing anything catastrophic in game is just because it’s a game…
Peak valorant
Just a Radiant Polar Bear. No big deal.
I just don't understand how people like this exist.
Liberal
If you use the vandal, headshots are even more important. Aim higher
Sorry if I'm blind but I can't seem to find C9
can a valorant boy and a league of legends girl really have a relationship?

(guess not)
BRIMMY! THROW IT BACK
not the pre round buff 😭
I absolutely loved seeing that, especially when you notice someone has some wack aim and what not.

My group saw an enemy Jett who was just weird and we even called her out in chat/reported her, when the game ended mid match we were low-key celebrating in discord lol
You went too far.
As a cypher main, please don’t do this. I’ll probably fall for it 😂
You just hit the terrain and It broke the ult
Whenever I'm having a bad game it feels like he's speaking directly at my soul
Crosshair placement map knowledge and game sense. All you can do to get better is just play more it comes with time
Heard it for the first time yesterday spectating a Reyna and that is because I saw the cam activate. It took me some time to realize I was hearing it.
I love how people equate the “meta” in ranked to pro play. Neon is fine in ranked, as long as the person PLAYING neon does their job and plays smart. People watch teams with prescribed stats/plays and then solo q with no comms in a lobby with complete strangers and expect to replicate “meta”. Lol
Duelist meat 🤤
Fixing title : TDM had 10 bots

Ahhhhh goteeeeem
lol unironically a teleporter system (instead of the airport conveyor belts) like what bind has could work super well for breeze
Being bi doesn't double your options if you don't have any in the first place
Drop your resoloution in game to 720 and youll get 60fps probably. Your monitor is 60hz so itll be the best youll get. Also never cap frames.
hey um hiding your name doenst do anything if you dont hide the rest of the team too.
Built in aimlabs / knee cab destroyer simulator
As a viper main, the only change here im worried about is not picking up orb mid round. All other changes make her worse as holding sites, which is fair she was practically a sentinel w how good she was at that.
Weird comment. Even in pro play teams could get caught out by a well placed cam, nAts was known for staying in it for long periods on defence so attackers couldn't hear him entering it.
You move faster on the enemies screen.
At 22 seconds I forgot to put a comma apologies if that confused anyone
i’ve had it turn to ruby 3 times already but that was my first time getting it in sapphire
8k kingdom credits take the same amount of time as getting to lol 5 used to take. The difference: you used to get a player card and, a title and a gun buddy(?) in that progress, now you only get an agent. And it felt quicker since it was decided in steps
Jett's "BAM BAM BAM, BAM BAM!"
I love how versatile Omen is, since he can quickly smoke across maps for others, as well as take huge amounts of space on site with his flash and tp. Great for both team and individual plays.
Yup lol it’s like that in almost every sub.
riot loves smurfs because its more monthly accounts and yup the only way out is to get good and make your own so you can continue the cycle. smurfs will exist in all elos so you just need to accept it
Me
They could revert one of the several severe nerfs every ability has gotten. I’d appreciate his bullets being closer to the original price, it’s an almost useless ability with how expensive it is and how little benifits it offers.
The unlocking agents isn’t where the other agent cosmetics are at, you actually have to unlock the agent *before* being able to buy any of their gear and that’s only 8k credits
So, can you ADS still?
Funny i had the same experience on Breeze. Maybe the wind blows stronger on this map 😄
After 800 or so games with breach I gotta agree. The tears i get in the gamechat could probably be used to water a sizable field in a desert for a few months.
Probably not enough people queuing on CT
Being able to unlock stuff from old battle passes is pretty cool. As a new player I’m bummed about all the old sprays and banners from my main that I don’t have access too anymore so that’s pretty cool.
go with your heart, there’s not one “best” vandal it is all personal preference
All those rounds of me not buying ISO wall because it's overpriced didn't go unnoticed
There's also a bug in wingman from the time gekko is released. If wingman is killed while planting, spike drop announcement is not made.
The 2nd best offense is one your opponent can’t read
Let us know if you were able to purchase it for her! The wand is definitely cute! 🥰
banana
Valorant players found out about gender-neutral pronouns, 29 dead 14 injured
I have actually never played either. I don’t know the abilities and I don’t want to get flamed by teammates all game.
Console rank is skewed, you are not aiming for heads so not sure.
That’s so cute :>
I absolutely love this and I don’t know why
are you sure it’s not the delay from your hardware?
If you thought he's using cheats, he's not gold lol.
If all you're doing in range is flicking, yeah it's gonna be useless 💀

You should be slowly focusing on moving your crosshair from head to head, emphasizing accuracy and control over speed.

Yeah people arent standing around in a real match but it helps bc you have the muscle memory and precision to move your mouse to their head.

Most of the time this game is about crosshair placement rather than raw aim, so you only need to be good at macro flicking to the general direction and micro adjusting to where the head is likely to be at.

Deathmatch/TDM doesnt help you with that bc most players soundwhore and widepeek every angle anyway. You're still training yourself for situations that dont happen in game.
He gets ripped apart and reconstitutes himself from thr pieces every time he ults. Sounds not so pleasant.
Regardless of all the comments below, both number keys and mouse wheel are completely valid. 

Throwing away your secondary every round is not.
You can only hear it while shifting and that sound is nearly zero

Only thing that this nerf makes impact is 1v1 with cypher since he cant use some weird angles to watch that you are faking the spike or defusing it
Less Smurfs = less revenue.

If they really cared about Smurf they would start with 2fa and mobile phone require.
Based, I legit think people don't pick Harbor only because youtubers said he is bad, but fine by me.
Did they not fix the agent icons? Damn that's been bothering me so much.

Edit: THEY DID TYSM RIOT
It's because is ult isn't the thing the kills someone, it only sets him up to potentially get a kill and since his ult as been actived already any kill after counts towards the next ult.
I'm gonna be honest this sounds like something that only really happens in gold and below from my experience, once you're up it stops for the most part
yup this is a known bug, and unfortunately if you care about your stats your damage delta will now be super low
That neon has clearly NEVER played Cypher lmao
Yeah for sure it is, but it’s kind of the role right. Your smoke needs to directly impact the enemy to be awarded an assist. I’ve played with plenty of smokers and im sure you have too who end with next to no assists lol
I assume this is a troll, but if not Just say you suck at the game. Look where OPs team is, there’s only one area they can be. Also section 7 is to do with smurfing/boosting. 

This could be a new copy past though. I hope you keep editing in paragraph. Let me know when the sequel drops.
A Czech agent would be cool. Or Polish. A Polish agent would be sick.
A timeout system would be great! Like maybe a minute long and your team would have to vote if they want to use it kinda like a ff where majority wins?
Is this the same guy who does the Apex intros irl?
not a clutch since you didn't defuse.
Not the guy you replied to but I saw this figure too on the finals subreddit for what it’s worth. Iirc a dev said it. I was surprised at the time too. I’ll see if I can find it
Many will say doesn't matter which is true to some extent but a good hs is always an indication of precise aim ... Especially with good kda.
LOL this happens to me, im bronze 1, i tell my teammates exactly where they are and they ask my to shut up
it seems almost nobody here understands what a passive ability is 💀
Used to play Fade and it felt so good any time I could get all five with an eye. I play Skye now and there’s nothing better than killing someone with the dog (I know that wasn’t the question)
Right? Everyone hates breeze take it please!
Super nerds. I don’t care if my character is straight, gay, bi, or anything else. 

Point is this vandal is gonna tap you anyway.
Rainbow Six Siege gameplay was hilariously bad looking back at when it first dropped
While I’m normally one to laugh at “not seeing someone” when they’re right in front of you, this is an exception. He literally spawned there.
Don’t play death matches with the intention to win. That’s not the point. You should just focus on training your mechanics and peeking
Deceive may be what you are looking for.

https://github.com/molenzwiebel/Deceive
Map rotations are one thing but agent rotations?
me when an agent has cons to go with their pros 😰😱😭😭😱😰😢😨😨😧😦
Hello Mr. John DevInChat,

plees gib Reot Boddy.
99.9% of the time I continue, 0.1% of the time I am tired.
Yoru goes invisible and teleports and flashbangs. You could straight up be irl super Batman. Reyna steals souls, so it seems too unethical. Sage has some yin Yang ominous when she heals someone there’s some evil version elsewhere. Omen would also be sick but the way he describes how much he suffers, I think I’d avoid it for similar Yoru powers.
I got reaver and forsaken vandal at the same time!!!!
never been so happy
I just don't like the green ascendent logo . I love the red immortal buddy and logo . I wish I could reach immo 1 by the year end .
Probably a bug where it bounced off instead of going through
Why did he turn the no chat on?
Bro people tilt first round for all sorts of things.  A guy got a 3k?  Guess what he must be a smurf and the game is insta loss.

Teammates lost pistol and second round?  Guess what, the game is lost.  

Teammate didn't push out randomly with you and you died?  Time to throw.
Soon we will get 2 teleport anchors for Chamber.
Nah it was definitely a spike. Jett causes a lot, and I mean A LOT, of damage with her powers due to her being able to control the weather, but only Radinite can make objects float like that. An example is the very first (I think?) Cinematic where Killjoy attempts to defuse the spike for the first time. We can see as it gets closer and closer to exploding, things begin to float around them until it's defused, then everything just drops.
He will be 2nd reyna for low elo while trash for high elo/pro scene
Prefire common angles. Just have you crosshair on head level (or body if they crouch) and just jiggle peak into a prefire.
My hs% is less than iron 1, i'm genuinely built different
yea but you never have to look at the map for any other sort of smoke. its annoying and should be made more clear without the mini map
I just had a smurf in my game. Well, the opposing team seemed to think so, anyway. I'm pretty certain they were just having a good game. Which, you know, happens? I get accused of being a smurf sometimes, because I go like 2:1. Then next game I can't get a kill worth a damn, because ... I'm a gold player and my skill is really inconsistent.
Dies
Too many hours is when your life responsibilities are being disturbed by the game
Don’t listen to people that say controller. They just want someone to play smokes while they instalock duelist /s
I have a friend who literally gets an average of 35kills in all her DMs but almost always bottomfrags during unrated/comp. Even tho DM is a great way to practice mechanism , I don’t believe it’s an accurate indicator on how well your kills could translate to a match.
"My father " one tho, so good
Kayo main

saw neon wall across mid

threw my knife, suppressing her mid run

see neon stare at me as she falls into the abyss
Yes, they can hear when you drop a gun as well
Right ther with u brother
Harbor’s smokes are now clear like water
agreed, trackers or bullshit
Yeah everyone in his disc chat defending him keeps mentioning this mysterious alt acct. Need to see it
Bc they discovered that after his buffs he can be used as more of an initiator than a duelist, and is very effective at that. Especially for fast rotates with his teleport
REMIX 🗣️‼️♾️
The fact that she’s had every ability nerfed and is still played in pro play tells you a lot
It is fair because the round ended, so even if you revived you couldn't defuse
>Im not sure if I am the first person to discover this bug

The first person to discover it was your Jett.
Changes to Premier + bugs fixes + agent tease is apparently back stepping to this community lol
Bronze/silver

Why did I know you were gonna throw the flash wrong the second time 😂
in the spot you jumped from
I respect the "divorce" style of editing coz of how much effort is put into it but to me this is just unwatchable.
If you think about it. The lack of an icon is the icon.
Tariks chat: VOLIBEAR??? 😭😭💀💀
Vandal and phantom are both great weapons and should be considered as better in certain situations. 

Consider distance between targets and number of enemies. Phantoms are normally better on defender side rounds since they can handle entry with multiple target better than a vandal. but say you’re entering B on bind attack, instant headshots with phantoms (mostly depending on distance) pick and choose the right weapon for the situation
Wdym that’s a 🔥🔥 voiceline (imo)
this is why we need a replay system
Draw it on your screen using the screenshot
The round 2 crybabies. Wow you lost pistol round and the enemy force round after, they still need 13 to win the game stop complaining.
You don't have to play with him if you have problem with reaction speed. 

What I would suggest: Just play the game to learn the most basic stuff of the game and watch these guys on YouTube : Airen & Teets to actually talk about pro valorant, Eggwick for laughs and giggles and Woohoojin for educational content..

Just talking about the game, even if you are not very good at the game, should help your lonely BF
As a guy, this will never affect me, but i just want to give words of encouragement. You can never have too many safe spaces
After about 3 years of on and off play, I think I've only played a cheater MAYBE 3 times. I don't think I've seen one in the last year as well, so it's pretty good
She kept getting nothing but nerfs for the past 2 to 3 years. This shit is asinine.
He primarily operates through discord.  I believe even if you sub on Twitch you can't chat.  You have to sub to him through discord to be able to chat.
They did that nerf purely because of the gun strenght. If they decreasec the price, they would have to nerf it (dmg or firerate). Since he is a sentinel, the only good buff would be on the trip or tp.

I would give him double trip (keep the range limit) which take a but longer to slow enemies after seeing the enemy, so you get a sound queue if it detects an enemy, but it would take like 0,5s to summon a slow field
Yep exactly what I tell my friends too, Radianite is 100% a scam one or 2 battle passes will give you more than enough for your skins.
Hardstuck? I was hardstuck once. They locked me in a low ranked lobby. A bronze lobby with smurfs. And smurfs make me hardstuck.
He’s memeing in unrated
Good shit. This was my only concern for console players but I guess I shouldn’t doubt how good riot are at catching cheaters out.
Currently, Viper can only smoke for 12 seconds with full toxin which takes 30 seconds to recharge. Compare this to Omen or Clove who both have smokes that last for 15 seconds and also recharge a smoke every 15 seconds. Or compare this to Harbor's wall which lasts 15 seconds and takes 40 seconds to recharge. I think it should be clear that Viper doesn't have a huge advantage in how long her smokes stay up compared to other controllers. 

So, Viper's uniqueness is not in how long her smokes are up. The real difference between Viper and other controllers is that she can decide to put her smokes up and down at will, whereas other controllers have to commit to throwing smokes which stay up their whole duration. The most recent changes to Viper actually made this stronger by lowering the time before the smokes can go up again. Having a set amount of fuel would change this uniqueness of Viper and make her a much different character
No joke, smurfing is a huge problem in this game. It’s too easy to start a new account and bully low elo players. I’m tired of higher ranks pretending like it’s not a problem
Someone like S1mple or Faker doesn't exist in the game, S1mple and Faker are outlier, and you can't expect every game to have a one in a million superstar.
Exactly this. If you buy shit you cant afford its a problem, otherwise go wit it.
I think bro is radiant
No
Higher RR goal and tier 3 teams is what's driving me rn.
Even the french dont like the french players
Deny information. Deny sight line. Viper in combination can sell false information on which site you will execute or where your smokes players are on defense.
If that makes him happier, why shouldn’t he?
It's not silent, is just that it's very far from everything. You can mostly go full speed on it unnoticed. I would suggest you going on a custom with a friend to check it out the places you can hear it from.
Nah the “This is how We think about the game” mindset groups his students down a bracket and only him and the pros can realy have a valid opinion.
my guy just gave up on using the square symbol at the end
Solo queue is still misery
People would kill each other for skins in low elo. It already happens with util.
No. The ult doesn't. But kills while it's active does. So if you shoot someone being nuked and get the gun kill you get a point.
Cough. I mean. It's a living.
*in pro play* they make strats exactly to guarantee the lost rifle can be easily accessible to teammates and in a position that will likely have more play. 

People not buying in comp definitely aren't thinking like that tho.
I’m huffing copium that these aren’t her only changes 😭
It's always the Jett mains.
You could try just not having friends. Works great for me.
if you are at 20hp and heal 50 while your decayed you would have 70hp when the decay ends
wdym kayo is the most binary agent in the roster
I promise u ur bronze enemies are not 1 tapping you regardless. You are either somehow limited hardware wise or are one of the worst learners ever. If its not the first, then you need to take a step back and find your way of learning information and applying it efficiently.
KJ sentinel 
Viper / omen smokes 
Skye initiator 
Iso / raze duellist 

Iso can be flexed as a part initiator, viper can work as a sentinel as well.
That's not a smart way to play. You buy the absolute best available to you on a buy round because your goal is to win the round, not to weaken yourself to play for a stronger save round.
Literally the thing I hate the most about this game. At least have all the maps in unrated and swift play.
He is just saying a women who is good at valorant is attractive 

It's like saying you play a sport and then saying a woman who plays the same sport as you is attractive 

doesn't really mean anything 

but also the fact what I think is a 40 year old man who has an anime pfp is the weird part
You don't run out bullets because of your decision making.

I don"t run out of bullets because I consistently lose my first gunfight.

We are not the same.
I'd be very surprised if he wasn't forced to sign an NDA considering it's a major event and Riot are quite firm with those against leaks, His main thing is he will never be allowed to do inside work with Riot ever again at the minimum
Did he just bait his whole team and then attempt to 1v5 every round. How they possibly lose thus lol
Every1 has bad days, I’m immortal and I whiff way harder than this. The trick to play ranked for me is to only play when I’m feeling it and limit spamming games. 

I went 1-7 in a swiftplay yesterday when the average rank was gold lol
There are barely any maps anyway. Just keep them all in.
nobody is buying an immo coach when there is countless radiant coaches
i think kill sounds matters for me more it is the only reason why i rate 2021 champions vandal so high
Definitely bad. IMO , you shouldnt take Valorant so seriously unless youre aspiring to go pro.  
If you really want to go pro, stop queing ranked and find a team to scrim with instead.
If you can afford it, why not? It's only worth it if you think it is and not what others think. If you're tight on money, don't buy it or you could save up and wait for champions 2024.
But don't use my technique which is more like *strafepewdead*
I just say, "ur mom was ez". Relieves the tension, if they get mad, even better.
W mans fuck Iso. Now whenever I hear Iso proc his shield, i'll just count 12 before fighting that fucker.
Pov: that one guy who keeps killing you
Bro's ancenstors gonna have to pay that off till 3921
It would be a direct viper ult counter like stated above ☝️
probably triggerbot if he were hacking. the other stats are too low for it to be a hardcore hack like aimbot or wallhacks. there must be some aspect not covered by the hack that still requires skill and causing him to struggle with his other stats.
Primordium
I used to main breach until I realized I was getting 9 kills for an ult that I’m still gonna get insta headshotted in by a sweat and that gives me no real intel on enemies
i’m norwegian so i obviously understood it but even then it’s awfully written with lines no one would ever say
Thx mate
this would be nice. even if you aren’t using the randomizer, it’s annoying when changing a skin having to look through all of your favorited buddies. i have a ton favorites because i have different ones for each skin and gun. so assigning a buddy to a specific skin on a specific gun would be nice.
Up until a week or two ago, I was never using comms.

Mostly because of anxiety but also because I just felt uncomfortable being the only one talking whilst I am 3/12 or something.

It’s easier to talk when I’m having an at least positive k/d game.

Nowadays I do just comm regardless tho.
Intiators are pretty mixed rn after the skye nerfs. I think fade is really strong on bind as well as sova being really strong on ascent. Skye works on split, and the rest of the maps most of the intiators work as well as the others.
So you'd disconnect for one reason or another and on trying to reconnect your console would shut off? o.O 

Haven't heard of it personally but that doesn't mean we're not tracking it, I'll also flag it for folks. Maybe DM me your ingame name, might make it easier to check what happened
Ascent so I can wallbang my neighbours if they make too much noise
it may just be me but I don't like it when people tell me what to do with my abilities. I main sova so it happens often. people tell when to ult and when to dart and when to drone .
They have to be dodging a lot for 12 hours and consecutively without clean games in between.

On top of that these stories always read so weirdly. I swear to christ these people are either lying/exaggerating, toxic themselves, socially inept, or incapable of pressing the mute button.

This is completely anecdotal but I've played since beta and every rank from silver to immortal. I've played a majority of those hours in solo queue. This stuff has never been common for me. Maybe one out of a handful of games does someone get toxic or angry. And out of those games maybe one out of a handful again are blatantly screaming slurs. And when they do there's this magical thing called the mute button.
Asc-Immo is most likely where people are stuck the longest. But, the rank with the most hardstuck players would be Silver-Gold as those ranks have the most players with many of them being stuck there for sometimes entire episodes or multiple.
Some are radiants while the others have radianite augmented tech.
Unrated matchmaking will have a much higher chance of “weird” matches than something like ranked. Both queues use an MMR system, but their numbers are independent from one another. Here are a couple factors that contribute to why you might see weird matchmaking in unrated:

* High ELO players often do not play unrated, so when they do, they are frequently shuffled into lower ELO games so that they have a reasonable queue time.
* There is no queue restriction in unrated. If an Immortal player wants to play with his Bronze friend, it is up to the matchmaker to put both of them in a game *somewhere*.
* The MMR confidence interval for unrated is just wider than it is for ranked.
* You might play worse or better in unrated than you do in ranked, artificially inflating/deflating your “skill” from what you think you might equate to in ranked.
* Level is not used in any form of matchmaking for any queue - it is only a measure of time played, not skill.
Same thing happened in Argentina, although from what you said it's not as bad as in Egypt. The minimum salary here is $230k (pesos, about $176 dollars today).

The other day I was about to buy the Zed Phantom for $30k. I backed away at the last second, it felt way too expensive. I ended up buying the whole of Hogwarts Legacy for $20k on Steam. How is it that a single weapon skin is 50% more than a whole game as big as that one? It's nuts
Bullet tracers are rendered client side so maybe there was some movement inaccuracy
You just have to play more unfortunately. This has happened to me in asc/imm where if I don’t play that much I decay so hard yet maintain the same skill. But when I grind i easily stay and push past my old peaks. If you are only playing like 100 games over the whole episode is just ain’t enough for rito really
whats even worse is riot as well doesnt give a shit

"well if they're doing super good, they'll inevitably go back to radiant!"

Cool and they still ruined ranked matches of people in that skill level, and on top of that it still doesnt solve the issue to begin with.

Riot probably wont do anything about it because what matters to them is you're still requeuing for matches and you swipe your card for the new flashy skin.
Cypher, he’s just too good on Sunset. He’s a nightmare to play on offense tho
in a chair
Spraying is better with the Phantom, **if compared to the Vandal**. But in both cases, as well as every automatic gun: The horizontal recoil pattern is randomized. Which way your gun sways (left or right, and to what extent) is rng-based. Go ahead to the training range and spray at the wall several times, you will see for yourself that no two patterns are the same.

This should tell you that spraying must be avoided at all costs, if your target is anywhere past 10 meters. The way you'd see professional Counterstrike players empty a third of their AK magazine with perfect accuracy because their spray isn't random, is not applicable over here with partially randomized patterns.

That being said, you can (and should) train to master bursts of up to 5 bullets. Achieving a tight grouping of bullets is manageable for as many as 5 shots, by pulling your mouse down slightly as you shoot, even at medium to long ranges. It's really the 6th bullet and beyond that start going way out.
Clove or Reyna is still probably gonna be the smurfers choice
I think this just stems from content creators and pro players who for some reason always devalue rank distribution when describing things as "high/low". No one in the right mind should consider someone on the top 20% of something to be considered "low".
Classic gang rise up. The 156 in 2 followed by ghost tears is always satisfying.
If you main duelist and have a consistently negative KD and an ACS below 200 you’re doing something wrong. Play support agents if your aim isn’t up to par with others in your rank
still easier games and realistically the irons arent actually iron, just smurf accounts.
this may sound like cope as a fan of his but anytime someone beats him to locking raze and he plays any other agent, he always hard carries. so i think it’s just he’s complete ass with raze
He throws intentionally?

Serious question: Why he's stopping at Ascendant? Is it too hard to climb even further or is it more fun to smurf in low elo lobbies?
Thank you MulletMike69\_TV
There are good & bad DM maps, reQ the good ones. I wish we can pick DM map like CS2.
As a breach main, pray to god you don't end up on the other team
So weird to me that a new Act patch has literally nothing except bug fixes.
"IM AT A PAA^AAY PHONE TRYING TO CALL HOME. ALL OF NY CHANGE I SPENT ON YOOU"
It is very rarely a mis-click and almost always intentional.  
  
The person will say "Its winnable" .  
  
When its not at all and continue to waste another 30 mins of time because "its winnable" to lose 13-0 or 13-2.......ACCEPT THE L and move on to next.
most valorant players haven’t passed algebra 1
The ff poll sent me 😂😂😭
He directly addressed this nearly 2 weeks ago. 

https://youtu.be/teScBzrEziI?si=fKCdx7E8gG4mubt7

You can take him at his word or not, but here's what he has to say about it.
Yea, everyone forgets Vandal is the forsaken variant.
we had to play on california servers just to play with a friend, its usually never this bad though.
No its the blub blub
because "radiant coach" is a lot more valuable than "immortal 2 coach" 

It's not the craziest lie, but it's most definitely a lie. It's not that big of a deal, odds are his viewer base average rank is between gold and diamond so his insight is valuable, but it's definitely easier to immediately have credibility as a radiant player
Yeah, like half the posts on this subreddit, OP's situation was totally avoidable. There are skin previews in the shop, there are youtubers who bought the bundle, they could have just researched a bit before commiting to the buy and then complaining
Why is counterstrafing relevant in valorant? You character is 100% accurate the moment you release your finger from they key
It’s basically an op on round 2
Yeah my voice wasn't captured, but I was mentally slapping myself for such a shit molly lmao. I promise I'm usually better at those
What's your mouse, mousepad, monitor, chair, aimware, socks? We need to know!
Tbh I don't know if you can count sprays due to their limited availability. Map features are a lot more permanent and everyone can enjoy them you know?
the only reason people get mad at others for playing better on the same game they play 8 hours straight is being frustrated
I for one don’t want that to happen. At least not in Competitive
Most likely because youre harbour. He's generally seen as a bad solo controller. If you really can make it work just show them and as long as they arent just out right toxic people they probably wont complain afterwards
This is right. I remember as soon as they game came out they talked about a replay system. Today, 3 years later there’s still no such replay system. Even the recent skins seem to be derivatives of their older and more successful skin lines, and they seem like they lack inspiration.
1: Replay system. I don't get why is it taking so damn long to implement this. It so important in tactical FPS games. CS and RS6 has it. Even League of Legends has it, so I don't get why Valorant can't have this.

2: Ability to change skins mid-game.

3: Don't use League of Legend's balancing team as reference. It won't do the game any justice. Buff weak agents to make them relevant instead of nerfing strong / fairly balanced ones.
I’m no detective. But you’re kinda shooting yourself in foot by using a skin here. To me it looks like you shot just before she was on your reticle. The bullet tracer from your skin make it looks as if the bullet went through her. Hard call but I don’t think this is unfair.
riot most definitely hwid bans at least for cheats
 it happened to me too one time. some people are just truly fucked in the head.
Riot give me my RR back 😭 -27 3 people DC/ing on my team for half the game
It says R**e all women...... The irony is that this jobless person is playing a female character.
What if you just moved stairs door and made it a hall door
the knife at the end tho
What if Reyna just died whenever she moved?
Upping the cost to 300 rlly hurts pistol rounds
I don't think the Spector is bad but I prefer the stinger because I can pull down and get those triple headies. When I'm not on I just aim at the body and let the gun do the work hehe
win the argument, you can always regain your rank but you can never regain your pride
I just hate how boring it is. Almost every pro match plays Ascent, I feel when I queue, its always on ascent. It is the most basic and cookie cutter map and thats why i dislike it. I dislike it because of it's consistency. Give me pearl and Fracture back. Even Ice box. Cant stand ascent.
damn the discord is in absolute lockdown. they shut down the channels to stop people from chatting 💀
You should not be aiming for the head with shotguns. You want all the pellets to hit, so aim for the body
No its skye dog
So true
before you had a contract that you have to select an agent for, and then earn EXP for them to unlock. if you forgot to select an agent, then L + ratio no exp for them.

Now, if you have kingdom credits, you can buy agents instantly, however doesnt work for the new agents.

if you have all current agents unlocked, its the normal "play games to unlock new agent". if you dont have all current agents unlocked, as you play you can redeem any agent you want as long as you have the amount of credits. 

&#x200B;

not that different, mostly just so you dont have to manually select contracts every time
As long as someone holds it, it's ok. But you basically give up stairs control cause no one would want to push thru that. Which means defenders could get all the way up to the door and wait for the smoke to go out then swing.

A more relevant problem is that I'm guessing this smoke would prob take longer than the average smoke to put down bc you need to line it up. Often times those precious seconds mean a lot in a round and doing the easier default smoke faster enables you to move with the team while smoking.

I don't think the one way is worth the time/positioning from just doing the normal smoke.
You did a fkin good job!
Ran into someone named "I'm him"





But also his duo named "I peg him"
it’s generally a decent wall to stop the push, it’s not the best for the reason you’ve correctly identified however it is also a great retake wall. when i play viper i personally throw that wall and then play B with my orb, use the wall as you would normally to try and slow the push, if that doesn’t work then you can put the wall up after they plant when it’s recharged and isolate the close range duels and bait the spike tap since your oppenents will likely try and back up and play pipes or nest
Trackerr
Worth the wait that was awesome
How about a nerdy radiant?

Jokes aside, judging by all the gear, I think he's just some sort of technical researcher or something.🤔
 played more OT than the original rounds
This is better than screaming reload
Didn't Riot say that they didn't want to introduce any complicated outlaw skins yet, to give players a chance to get used to what it looks and sounds like or something like that?
Bronze 2. I'm so irritated right now because I felt like I was improving since I was winning a decent amount and now I feel like I'm starting all over.
Yes, and no.

1. If this first blood is someone killing an enemy and immediately getting traded right away with 0 follow-up or impact on the round, then it's useless. It will still count as first blood.
2. If this first blood is someone getting a pick on the enemy without getting themselves killed, it basically gives team a lot of advantage, especially if that enemy is Sentinel, Controller, or Initiator (on both sides).

First bloods are usually impactful, but there are first bloods that aren't.
Yep pretty much. Thats y pretty much everyone I know just stays imm because its a grind that honestly isnt worth the time when you are an adult
"Shamelessly" ???

It's in their TOS that they are allowed to take any fan submitted ideas if you choose to play, and make art, on their titles. And as an artist its your responsibility to look at that and respect it, before crying about them "shamelessly taking my art."

And in the example you linked, he literally shows the bundle and the skin within the game at the end of the video, meaning evidently he was alright with it, if not happy that his artwork had been added.
Maybe a new strategy in your ranked games is to get someone to buy an Odin on your buy rounds instead of full Vandal/Phantoms just so that they can break structures
I mean it used to be crazy OP for the price, now I’d say it’s a lot more balanced.
“hey guys, Riot community manager Amy “shakoo-koo” Jaan here, and we have exciting news to share about our replay system! While we can’t share anything more right now, just know that it is gonna show up sometime later.”

-Rito, probably.
just dont buy it

riot sell at this price because they get profit
That shi cost 100€ my brother
Neon, especially in lower elo. Her ult will carry you straight into silver if not higher lol
just beat the enemies instead
So you want to put me in an isolation CHAMBER?? ;(
It seems like they’re trying to avoid powercreep. Isn’t that a good thing?
>especially if this is her first FPS ever

People so eager to disagree that they forget how to read.
I mean the bomb did all the work really
i started faking drops after watching pros do it, can confirm it doesn't make a change because bronze doesn't wear headphones
They could reduce RR gain by 75% instead or make it scale between 25-75% if the disparity between ranks is high
Iso shield is unbalanced game changer for everyone.

Riot nerfed raze and buffed iso because raze having the highest pick rate. But what they accomplished is just iso having insanely high pick rate.

*Heeey - there is always going to be some meta*

Raze satchel and nade was great, but it was still setchel and nade. 

Iso now has free shield, vulnerability and another shield, vulnerability and another shield.

He can get headshoted but also can kill the enemy in 2 body hits.

Sending vulnerability to smoke and spraying is guaranteed free kill.
also if you are always aiming at the correct height from standing to crouching isnt that big of an adjustment and you should get that in muscle memory and happen to miss
He would not. He has seen the red carpet. He just gets angrier and more determined to climb again. 

Which I respect the hustle, but at what cost 🤷‍♀️
WE GOT A BOOMER HERE FELLAS
The general gamer mentality is changing. It's not "let's have fun" anymore it's "I WANNA BE THE VERY BEST, LIKE NO ONE EVER WAS". 

Everyone believes they're gonna be the next TenZ not understanding how a ranked System actually works. 

People go "uh piss low plat player" not understanding plat is beyond average.
Everyone has a peak, for some it's becoming a pro and winning VCT, for some it's reaching immortal and for some they peak at Platinum.

This isn't a game anymore for these people, it's a whole ass job they aren't getting paid for.
I believe you gain more money by spike death than surviving the round if it's pistol round. Btw it doesn't count towards kda
In diamond to ascendant range, my teams probably should be playing double initiator but usually have none. Double controller is also very strong for some maps and I've had it on my team like twice. Overall I would say initiator is underappreciated
I use phantom because it's a lot easier to avoid long range fights than it is to avoid close range ones
Hire a pro player to queue in his games and beat his ass so much that he gives up on the game.
I remember this too and I miss it a lot. I personally think they should add it back considering how popular things such as Tracker has become and people using it to achieve pretty much the same thing.
> I get it they had a long wait and ig they deserve it for their troubles.

IDK man, if that's what they're trying to do, then the reward should be something that helps them make up for the lost time - more free agent unlocks, double EXP opening month, maybe a big night market event so they can buy lots of skins?

Exclusive skins is just creating reason for other player bases to feel salty towards the CN player base.
imagine ur just holding the spike with a judge as viper in her ult and suddenly out of nowhere a raze just goes clash royale wall breakers and runs at the spike and right clicks
Probably breach in a non team environment.  His stun should really have an audio line.
I saw it and died to it. Dude had his head clipping through the wall.
ironic how it was an asc-immortal lobby
bro this isnt breach this is ur cracked at aiming, WP!
Kinda sucks it’s a bug, this is the first battle pass with console and if it did have SFX they would sell so many more BPs. They still will but would be nice for the new players
They need to get rid of map pools entirely imo. I wouldn't mind having all the maps available.

Nah but I never thought I'd miss Fracture. Breeze is painfully miserable.
holy shit 70% hs is wild. i dont even think a #1 radiant smurfing would climb that fast and have such crazy kda
1) Friend four people with mics and play with them
2) Take a break after any SINGLE loss
its not too much but its risky cuz you stand still for longer
now you can grind KP to unlock a new agent (or cosmetics/old battle pass items) while also earning XP to the new agents event contract. Technically you can be working to earn 2 agents at once. Also with dailies you can easily earn up to 1000 KP per day so basically a new agent every 10 days.
Now see, that is where you went wrong. This is a failure of your own expectations. 

It's not meant to be fair. It's just an added option for you to use if you so wish.
Here's your flowchart:

Do you want a knife skin? 
No - don't buy one.
Yes --> 

Can you afford it?
No - don't buy one.
Yes --> buy one
Fr man and I doesn't work on my enemies anymore (I use it like 2 times a match)
Honestly haven't heard of a false alarm by the anti cheat before, I guess its possible, but more likely that someone was cheating, even if slightly.
His ult already gives iso some advantage with his dual wall vs enemy single wall. No ult guarantees a free kill, and iso’s ult is no different. There still has to be some level of skill involved on both sides, obviously not completely 50/50 though
isn't this a world record?
Also, friendly reminder to stop calling blind rotates :). They are pretty universally trolling.
Play it if you want to play it. This is the only answer
I play music (for any game) until/unless I need to really dial in for some reason. I play it quietly over my headphones so it is in the background and doesn’t annoy anyone else over comms
this was my old duo - got super mad cos he had good kda and wouldn't climb. I on the other hand usually played smoke/senti and had a pretty bad kda. I climbed way, way faster when i stopped duoing.

Generally speaking he would play Duelist/Chamber, and just like lurk, not entry etc. Team would die trying to take the point, he'd be like 1v3/4, get a double kill because his aim was good - but they're just completely empty frags. 

Not all kills are made equally
Tbh gunning down people mindlessly is fun. That's why I love team dm.
Walmart bag 3
- You're doing a mixture of running and walking; if you want to do it stealthily then you shouldn't mix it, if you want to do it quickly then you should be running more on your peeks  
- You're still holding W when peeking, slowing down your peeks and leaving you at angle disadvantage for longer  
- Your peeks are very small steps that look hesitant, increasing the chances that you stand in a way that your shoulder is showing. Larger more confident steps also increase your peek speed since it takes time to work up to maximum speed  
- It looks like you're committing to fighting on these peeks, but your crosshair placement preaim isn't clean enough to really give you a good chance of winning. Might be better to jiggle peek the angles instead of close peeking and stopping, which makes you an easy target  
- I can't really understand the game situation that you would peek like this. If you're on attack with a team, you need to wide swing to leave room for your teammates to swing with you, or anyone trying to trade you would get collat'ed. If you're lurking or outnumbered, you wouldn't be making this much noise, but the committed close peeks make a lot more sense since you'd be trying to isolate duels by slicing the pie. Main is also probably a less likely location to be lurking or trying to 1vX. And if enemies know where you are already, then more likely you'd be jiggle peeking and/or jump peeking for info instead of risking these committal close peeks
Marshall is very strong for the price and what you can do with it, stinger is good as well.
Yes
Agreed. The higher you go the better he will be. Two people that can shoot their gun, but one has a shield…that person with the shield will most likely win 70% of the engagements…and i feel like it’s really a little higher
Super cool idea, I hope to see pros using a lot of shorty action
Cypher in low elo with solo queue is nearly impossible to pass the site that they hold. You would most likely lost 1-2 player before retreat or commit. The chance is better if you pray that the kayo knife hit cypher or somehow you can shot the cypher
At least your team has a kayo too. I hope the enemy lives in ignorant bliss, thinking that your kayo flashed him instead of his own flash bounce.
He's a Radiant. Specifically, he can manipulate ambient energy down to the molecular level, even to the point of creating pocket dimensions. As far as Radiant (read: magical) abilities go, that's already pretty out there. Clove's immortality probably takes the cake though.
the current map pool is the worst in history if im gonna keep it 💯
Ascent and Haven are solid maps and will not be rotated. Rotations aren't based on seniority, they're based on which maps need to get looked at and reworked.
Instalock neons lol.
Yeah and ult/knife turns val into cs lol
lol for real
You desperately need therapy if you are unable to control your outbursts like that. I’m not gonna sit here and pretend to be a psychologist but if you get so worked up that you can’t control your toxicity it’s probably a serious problem that would greatly benefit from professional help.
Kill them in the smoke once with a judge

Next time kill them when they come out of the smoke with a judge

The time after that they just gonna be like f this smoke man I’m just gonna rotate
U forgot thag it also deals damage
Reyna has the highest kd, second highest winrate, and second highest acs in the game… at radiant. A character designed to win fights is really good, who would’ve known? Being “selfish” isn’t a detriment at all in a solo queue environment, even at the highest level. In fact, it’s preferential. Solo queue and pro play are two very different things

“Reyna in low elo” is a lie perpetrated by Reyna mains and it’s been repeated over and over on this website
Cuz theres actual losers out there whos ego revolves around not even being good at the game… but having to play lesser opponents to feel good at the game/about themselves lol

Yeah sure smurfs are annoying as hell but then I actually think about the other person who has to farm lesser opponents for their ego and it’s pretty sad so good on them cuz I’m sure thats about all they have to look forward too in life :)
That almost went real bad real quick
IIRC Kayo was designed in another world where all the radiants were super evil and he wiped them all out and was transported here, where he still doesn't trust our versions of the radiants, I believe there are even some voice lines related to distrusting reyna
btw when I click buy on the agent, it doesn’t do anything
the definition of calm aim. this is peak
Who tf is talking about viper backshots now? Crazy people
Yes but I don't think they should. Viper slows down the game very much by what she does, and if we learned anything from Harbor, it's not going to be Viper OR the new one, it's going to be Viper AND the new one and we get a very boring meta of spamming through smoke to watch.
I can see killjoy going jinkies when she sees a gun pointing at her head right after putting her glasses back on.
Yeah, i remember seeing somewhere that viper tried to get sage to revive omen but ig that was wrong, I never really bothered to fact check that but this cinematic clearly prove that wrong
I can name somethinf Valorant should have that CS has.

A god damn replay system.
So the overall skill level of the player base that has been playing the game for a few days to a few weeks is lower than that of the player base that has been playing for years.

You don't say.
I actually love this analogy lmao. Each agent is only as great as the sum of their parts. Just like crunchwraps.
Just got hardware banned for 4 months for no reason at all. Support can't tell what software triggered the ban, the only softwares i have installed are game launchers, games from said launchers, cpuz, msi afterburner and citra (3ds emulator). I got no idea why i got banned and i'll probably get banned again when i'll try to play again in 4 months at this point.
The people who do pick her are probably highly specialized because they are working at a disadvantage compared to other sentinels. KJ/Cypher are meta and thus more likely to be picked by flex players who only have a rudimentary understanding of the best setups.

>  Practically has a free modified sage wall

It's better in some ways (free) and worse in others, mostly being able to see and shoot through, and you only need to break the middle to break the whole wall.

> her gravnet seems really strong

It is her best ability. But that alone is not enough to make her stand out. You can achieve similar results with a Fade Seize or Clove's Meddle, and both provide more utility to the team.

> I’d say her sound sensors are probably the weakest part of her kit. But I feel like a lot of people probably don’t use them correctly. They really seem more intended to be used in high traffic areas where agents have to make sound with no choice. 

This is correct, but even then the sensors have some notable weaknesses. Mobility agents like Jett and Raze (or even Yoru in his ult) can still mostly ignore them/clear them for their team without being affected. As for flank watch: They do trigger pretty fast now, but even then players need to engage with someone in sensor range first before they get stunned. A fast headshot still just outright kills you.

>  can completely booby trap a post plant site making it very difficult to retake. 

Correct, however you need to get in good post-plant positions for it to be effective, and you need to have time to deploy your util. If both of these conditions are met, they are pretty much just a "win more" button, which feels good but is ultimately not enough to justify picking her.

These are my opinions after playing about 50 hours of Deadlock. I do think she's a fun agent, but there are some major weaknesses to her.
Riot would never do that because most people don't buy skins to just see themselves but to "show off"
The purpose of the change was to give more freedom to what things you can unlock. Before your progression was locked to a specific agent contract, now it's a currency that you can use to pick and choose what you want + use the currency in the accessory store, which didn't exist before. In terms of just unlocking agents it takes roughly the same amount of time as before, you probably feel that it's longer just because it's a new system. 

You get KC by playing matches and completing daily checkpoints. There are 4 checkpoints, each one gives 150 KC, that's 600 KC per day. If you're completing those every day it would take about 13 days to get 8k KC, but that's not even accounting the KC you get for playing matches, so you'd get enough even sooner (depending on how often you play of course).
You either use util/get a teammate to use util to clear it and push up or you dry push and hope! It all comes down to game sense, intuition, and luck basically. You can never be 100% sure something is clear unless all of the enemy team is accounted for.
ive also seen people say 'use alt' when talking about ultimates... how does that even happen
Maybe he assumed that he is a dad , he can't shot talk abt his son so he chose the cowards way shot talked abt his daughter. 
They need to get a lyf for real these weirdos online
Hard to defend
too many ''wtf hit me and from where'' places to camp from.
its a copy pasta from the age of empires 2 subredit (went through some other rts subs as well) but i found the post so hilaious that i just had to aply it to valorant, since it fits so well.  
(i actually have no clue abt the balance in this game)

love
I'm more thinking like long walls like down sewers on split
It can null a raze rocket lol. Iso needs help but this isn’t it.
This is why I hate Valorant. They make the sickest knives ever and I keep buying them. I hope the knife design team rots in hell. Sigh
Fracture can continue to not exist, that's fine, just remove icebox for haven back, maybe swap breeze for pearl
Yeah that's a good shout, I think phoenix is one of the best choices
Yes but it's intended to be mostly dysfunctional past a certain range. Still possible to use for cheap damage but unreliable.
I remember in Calculus 1 they taught us a few formulas and said “Just use these.  We won’t try to tell you why they work until Calc 2.”

Are there any basic game sense formulas or rules of thumb that can get you thinking the right way before gaining a more nuanced understanding?  Most advice is just “Play more, game sense will develop with experience” but it feels like I am trying to reinvent the Valorant meta from scratch by throwing strats at the wall and seeing what sticks.  And given the bad mechanics all around it’s easy to get punished for good plays and rewarded for bad ones.
he’s so rich that he buys the Valorant protocol and fires the agents on the enemy team, kicking them from the game
Ngls idk how u set out to make a competitive shooter without having a replay system in mind lol
Satchels do A LOT.

* General mobility around map.
* Assist peeks
* Get out of corners whilst trapped
* Hurts enemies.
* Moves enemies
* Can stop a defuse or plant. 
* Destroys util. 
* Assist teamates to get into positions.
Personally, I own a frankly irresponsible amount of skins. Like, a lot, every gun has several bought skins. Not feeling bad about it either. But when people ask for skins, for me it highly depends on how they ask.   
If they beg me like an untrained dog, they dont get it. Cause they will pester me every single round. But if they just ask normally, they get it. If they ask friendly, they can get it every single round, no problem. 

Other experience: My duo once denied to give a toxic Neon a skin and was insulted the whole game in voice and text chat. Really really bad slurs, deathwishes, screaming, etc etc. It terrible, for 40 minutes or so straight.
It got so ingrained to me to shoot cypher cams, I got cypher cams flashed
If it took you a year from bronze to immortal, it'll take you a year from immortal to radiant
Joe is gonna pop off
Imagine you on a 1v5 , defeat 4 enemies , and go to plant the spike and then you fall from the map
Should've muted him the moment you thought he was annoying.
Man who cares. At least these guys are doing it for a fairly well-intended reason.

People are smurfing and elo boosting just for the sake of it and they don't get anything bad happening to them. Let these lovebirds enjoy lol.
i never played with her. i couldnt, im immortal level. she spammed ranked by herself and i watched on discord
Because there’s not much content better than Woohoojin. Jollz is trash, Charla7an is good but most of his content is paywalled. Maybe Slayerkey is as good or better than Woohoojin, but he’s newer and therefore less people know him.
One of the first higher tier non-sci fi set in a while and the best they can do is reuse half of Elderflame's thematic... Very inspired.

CAN WE PLEASE GET HIGHER TIER NON-FUTURISTIC SCI-FI SKINS THAT AREN'T FIRE OR DRAGONS OR SOME FORM OF EAST ASIAN FETISH FANTASY PLEASEEEEEE RIOT PLEASEEEEE
Yeaa that’s account sharing.

It’s easier to climb on alt because you have less games on your alt so the game don’t know your real rank so basically you are getting 22-25 or more
most of them except pros, woohoojin and dopai.  


I don't like loud and obnoxious content creators, which is the norm. more so in other games but this one too.
Respectfully if 3/4ths of the team doesn't want to play it out forcing them to doesn't help anything
Oh no they changed that
Now the particles only appear if he is in your line of sight at any distance
This is really a bug with Astra? Lol what is this spaghetti code?
Skins are cosmetic and therefore subjective, but its Glitchpop vandal and Chamber classic for me.
Imagine being genetically predisposed to being ass at Valorant
The ones who give up on the third round because it shocked them to their core that we could lose the pistol round and then somehow lose the save round
You’re caring way too much, just play. Rank doesn’t mean shit, and if you’re scared to lose your rank because you can’t preform well, then you probably don’t belong in that rank.
For Raze, if you hit the enemy in the chest with the rocket it sometimes results in a free kill for 8 ultimate points
honestly your intentions are good but the average person is going to look at clove as a femme-presenting person and use she/her. obviously not everyone one of these people are doing it maliciously, it's just that they don't know. 

you will likely need to comment this 1000s of times just in this thread alone. save your energy my fellow Valorant enjoyer.
The problem with Sage is that many Sage players have completely no idea how to use her util, so they can only bring some value from heals and rez. Not every Sage player is like that ofc, but for some reason Sage attracts people who won't put any effort into the game, they'll just use the most basic wall every round and call it a day. It's like instalock Reynas but without the confidence

If anyone met a good Sage player they know what I'm talking about
There is a few users that have bought every skin in the game, or has every skin. Just check YT for it
That's the new marketing tactic
Can confirm the only times i ever hard carry is when i do not care and "troll"
Most likely some high-ranked player borrowing their lower-ranked friend's account. 

It's probably not to boost since the games are just every once in awhile, so it's probably either to play with low-ranked friends (if those games are in a stack), or just to smurf (if those games are solo).
People complain all the time about smurfs and people throwing constantly on this sub saying shit like boycott smurfing content creators but then this dude posts constantly are upvoted to the top as well. I'll never understand this community make up yo damn minds.
A better question is why the hell they would remove split for a single act only to add it back with zero changes
they wanted to flex the ult since its round 3
I think it's been rumored that it won't be released with the new act and instead on the 24th, when the Master event ends.
games have algorithms to keep you at 50% if you've played for a while as thats where it thinks you deserve to be, it happens in a lot of games especially league and val.

Had a league acc hardstuck platinum with +23 -29 gains and the game quality was completely shit, started a new account and breezed through platinum with a 76% w/r with +35 -17 and game quality was night and day, also saw examples when ive coached valorant players where they are losing more than they are gaining even though they're 50%+ and perform well, i've told them the only way to get out is to either 1. start fresh and let fresh mmr decide where you belong or 2. get to the point where you're LEAGUES ahead of the rank you're stuck in so you can straight 1v9 out of it
Odin but its alt fire is a judge
They won’t but they might make a new skin
Lol the average player does not watch that
Omen
Yeah, they forget that Valorant is very diffrent to most other games ( except cs ). 
In OW. MMORPG‘s and LoL its really common to have someone playing a character thats only purpose is to heal others.
But valorant is a shooting game, with abilities and not an abilitiy game with guns.

My tip: Pick phoenix and when someone says we need heal you can respond with: “WE need healing? More like YOU“
Reyna’s ult lasting the entire round and still costing 6 orbs means you’re gonna hear “THE HUNT BEGINS” every other round, so yeah good luck with smurfs
Dude, the other day I was in a match and in the pre game lobby, this kid was like "Should I play sage or clove?". Being a filler, I was relieved I didn't have to play controller for once and felt free to play gekko or something so I told him to play clove. 

Now I assumed he knew how to play smokes, but no because bro then proceeded to drop the most horrendous smokes ever known to mankind 😭. I tried teaching him the right way to smoke and how his smokes were helping the enemy more than they were helping us, but he was not ready to listen. He kept arguing that it was enemy clove who was dropping those trash smokes smh. He went 0 kills for half the game and 3-17 when the game ended. 

If I see this dude playing clove again I will personally strangle him
Is it also just me or do people in Val give up way quicker than in CS? I've had games where we lost 2-3 rounds and my team instantly tries to surrender.
Riot would never do this because seeing the skin and using the skin makes people want to buy it
I've had the oposite exp with #9.

In CS I can rely 100% on myself for util & site takes if my teammates are slacking, but in valorant if your cont/init player is braindead or bad with their util it can make taking space nearly impossible.
Whenever you kill a raze midair after she pops her ult you truly realise why you play this game lmfao
LMAO EXACTLY
Like the other guy said, 62% KAST for Sova is super low. Lineups arent always the best value darts, all your util is situational but should largely be used with *atleast* one other person to play off of it. I play Flex these days but was a Sova main (and he still usually ends up being my most played agent each act) and my KAST on him is currently 79%
VC is more important in Valorant than Overwatch due to Valorant's quick TTK and lack of a good ping system. 

I'd highly recommend using VC in ranked modes, just mute anyone being toxic.
Bro got goomba-ed
If you perform well you will rank up very fast. Get a couple wins and I could see you double ranking up multiple times.
Only thing that would make me feel better if enemy team talked shit 

Then you act cringe as fuck to make them think they lost to someone subhuman 🤝
you have a habit of going for headshots on an op? it's best you don't pick that gun up again
yeah, it's dumb. Not much else to say about it.
you’ll probably slide off of it
Can we edit out the first 35 seconds please LMAO
I'm pretty sure you can get even higher if you get another sage res mid round and use kayo in his ult for the downed state
It's not. Classic and Bucky always alt-fire if you're in focus mode. You just alt-fired her three times. Source: Bucky user.
How do you get out of Diamond? Easy. Start losing games xD
It's not hating when calling someone out for actively lying and making a ton of money off of said lie. People wanted him to be held accountable but instead he kept lying until it caught up to him.
Stinger's absolutely strong. They can't keep up with the fire rate. But you can't miss your shots! That reload in between can and will kill you.
He tweeted „Good night” 14 hours ago. Absolutely devastating. Do not hesitate to ask for help. 

[https://twitter.com/twistenval/status/1666201775429304320?s=46&t=26RByz8Ic_yuhBvovRniaw](Tweet)
He openly says hes trash with Raze and hit Radiant before as controller main, pretty sure grinds with Raze in order to improve not to rank up
Are you like 12 years old lmao just banter back or mute them
True. Even when you watch high elo streamers, they get to a game under a minute. That just shows really how populated it is, at least based on my observation.
A 30 second clip with the actual important part being 6 seconds long. Nice.
if thats silver then im fucking platinum lmaoo
Yeah man it’s supposed to get shot down. You throw it’s in the direction away from yourself so the enemy has to choose between getting blinded or shooting dizzy and while he shoots dizzy you either kill him or at the very least know where the enemy is on site.
That isn´t passive, it requires you to use a satchel. Jett is always immune to fall damage, without updrafting.
While it’s a neat lore tidbit, it’d be cooler if the guns actually had some stylistic differences and didn’t look like they all were made by the exact same manufacturer.
You can't make the chevron crosshair in-game, you need a program called HudSight that overlays an image on your screen.
It's not updated for some agents, but here's an old tweet with a graphic for character heights: https://x.com/davidnotty/status/1397646525811945474?s=20
thats the most unusual shit ive heard all day but ig it works for you then go wild
So dumb to cheat at that level, everything to lose and not that much to gain.
This is a nice spot - cypher
the fuck?
I just don't play anymore for the day of i lose 2 matches
“Fuck it we ball” mentality
I will always support players who are being unfairly harassed. I'm not just going to sit there.

That doesn't always mean calling people out - sometimes that will just make matters worse and draw even more attention to the problem. If it feels like the player wants to move on or is trying to lighten the mood or just focus on the game, I'll try to go along with them and give them what they want. But regardless, I'll be active in my support.

However, if they're pushing back, I'll push back with them. Or if they don't speak up at all, I'll speak up.

I also try to be proactive and set a good mood for the team early on. Sexist or phobic comments seem weirder and more awkward and out of place when they're ruining an already good vibe, and I really want people who are hesitant to comm to feel like this is a safe lobby as early as possible. I duo with my girlfriend, and we've found this works really well.
They really do this when I finally got around to typing out all this: https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/s/pPrJwNhSSB

fml
As a Controller main the most satisfying kill is using a phantom and spamming through the smokes, hitting a player in the head and killing them.
It is all your teammates fault!! Just keep blaming them and youll rank up!!
Giving 3% XP boost when Gamepass gives 20% is the biggest "fuck you" from Riot.
I havent played the game since ascendant came out, but the gaming has a linear ranked progression up until about the top 1-2% of the player base and after that it gets exponential. I peaked ascendant 3 in august of 2022 and at thar time it was about top 0.7%
No flashes all dry peeks at the same angle where they know an op is there, and you can punish them for it
Gotta be silver.
There’s one where someone, maybe jett, says “kayo, what can’t you do?” And he says “I don’t know… sneak past a metal detector?”

That one makes me laugh
And that’s when you say oh my game must be bugged if he asks why he doesn’t see you online
there is no way u buy an outlaw + frenzy over a vandal
It’s not wasting your util, having early info is great either if they came to your site or not. You actually give more time for your teammate to rotate and reposition to control the sites of the map.
🔰College: Mariano Marcos State University 

🔰Made by: SIRMATA (on Facebook) (official publication of the University’s college students)
It is, it's just less strict for obvious reasons. The point is to find 20 people quickly.

Every single game mode has MMR, even snowball fighting.
To have fun with my long distance friend and probably online human interaction
Yeah, like I said. It could be that my luck is horrible. I’m glad you had positive experiences tho! 🥺
neo frontier sheriff gives superpowers
played last 3 hours, no issue. I think it was hotfixed.

Edit: I guess it wasn’t hotfixed, stop spamming me the same message. I thought 4 games of constant comming was enough for me to be confident in my reply
The biggest issue with Breeze is that it's just there's too much for five people to hold without stellar coordination. Having halls removed was probably the best state the map was ever in.
The spinning action makes it look slow, I swear my sovereign feels quicker. But both should have the same pull out time, else this is just pay to lose.
Tell him to grow up. Kills don’t matter round wins do. Valorant is just as much a game of damage as it is kills themselves, without you both shooting and doing damage you don’t know what would’ve happened. He could’ve died and you could’ve gotten a trade, or he could’ve won the fight there’s no telling.
as a fade main i might have to switch to console
To elaborate: why would you eco to have a 50/50 rifle round 3 if you could just take the 90/10 round with SMGs and armor against pistols and still have a 30/70 bonus round after that? Winning pistol basically means you get a won round for free, not buying is just throwing that away.
Okay let's be honest here how dare you.
I mean how dare you think chamber being french is okay.
Should be deleted from the game this minute damn the French.
That's insane. That kind of defeats the whole purpose of gifting something.
Must not be looking very hard, shes one of the most common picks
I mean, you’re going to lose round 2 after losing pistol very VERY ofren
Wow and the kids they call me a boomer for being 26. What do they call you?
I always thought Silver 2 was average. Now I look at stats and it says Gold 1 is average. I'm Gold 2😎.
no idea (im 9)
Did the same thing with a judge, was fking hilarious
You could leave KJ's traps and they could the delay the push *while* you were on the opposite site.
It’s people who haven’t played bronze since beta and don’t realize that a beta platinum is like a current bronze silver player lmao.
Favourite PRX classic 
Least favourite: 100T
agreed, Sbreeze is awful
People who shit talk the bottom fragger instead of helping them
This is the one thing I can’t stand. Fine, go carry your duo or whatever but why are you throwing shit at people for behaving like their elo should? It’s like dunking on a baby and completely unnecessary.
Guardian on breeze lowkey goes hard
took them more time writing the article than patching the game
he may be between dimensions, but it seems that deadlock's net makes even the dimensions crouch down for her / j
I barely watch valorant content. Its all the same content. Its "5 IRONS VS 5 RADIANTS" or "\*INSERT GUN HERE\* TO IMMORTAL". The only valorant creator that had a super original idea I was suprised was kariyu pen to immortal. Interesting twist with a interesting playstyle that took a extremely long time to get good with.  It was something new that expands on the possibility of pro tablet players. Overall just watch who you enjoy because that's all that matters. Have a good day to whoever that reads this! o7
Sage is that kid that would remind the teacher there was homework.
Slower sense and a little zoom and if I'm correct it feels like a little bit of aim assist
Ngl, i didn’t even know there was a hole in that wall. Also, deadlock and Sage on the same team is horrible and I hate it.
u/valmorous_aura

Tell your friends to stop 5 stacking if they don't want to get lobbies like this. If an immortal 3 queues with 4 players ranging from silver-gold, the average rank of that party will be around the gold elo, so if you have a 5 stack made of golds, you might have have to go against that immortal 3. And if that immortal 3 isn't boosted noob, he will destroy you
Would totally pull some shit like this on my brother if he wasn’t a….

*xbox gamer*
Honestly hope they deal with smurfing and throwing more seriously, and then we talk about the replay system and other QOL issues.
Iron/bronze
But why would they be in competitive? They had to already be level 20
yeah but he's great at creating 1v1 isolate fight with moving wave  
his c giveaway his position but enemy won't know where he move and he can start picking 1v1 fight
Hands/arms are part of the hitbox
I’ve played since beta and i don’t wanna know. Definitely not as much as some people but for sure more than most. I have 2 accounts that i have skins on and total I’ve probably spent $600-$1000
Yeah and I've used him when I'm left in a 1v3 or 1v2 to look for the opponents and to know where they are so I can defend the spike or know where they are gonna come from if I defuse it
Here is what is listed in the [Valo Wiki](https://valorant.fandom.com/wiki/Abilities#Passive) for Passives:

&#x200B;

>Agent passives are additional effects that some specific agents have. Whilst most of these interact with agents' standard abilities, these effects are often utilized by multiple of an agent's abilities instead of being a passive effect that is only part of an individual ability. Many passives do not require any active interaction from the player to be activated or applied, but there are some passive effects that do require the player to activate them with a specific hotkey.

&#x200B;

>Passives can be effects that are:  
>  
>Constantly available to be used without any cost:  
>  
>\-Astra's Astral Form \[[link](https://valorant.fandom.com/wiki/Abilities/Passive#Astral_Form)\]  
>  
>\-Jett's Drift \[[link](https://valorant.fandom.com/wiki/Abilities/Passive#Drift)\]  
>  
>2. Activated or applied as an additional effect on top of the primary function of an action (abilities or kills):  
>  
>\-Fade's Terror Trail \[[link](https://valorant.fandom.com/wiki/Abilities/Passive#Terror_Trail)\]  
>  
>\-Gekko's Globules \[[link](https://valorant.fandom.com/wiki/Abilities/Passive#Globules)\]  
>  
>\-Phoenix's Heating Up  \[[link](https://valorant.fandom.com/wiki/Abilities/Passive#Heating_Up)\]  
>  
>\-Reyna's Soul Harvest \[[link](https://valorant.fandom.com/wiki/Abilities/Passive#Soul_Harvest)\]  
>  
>\-Viper's Toxin \[[link](https://valorant.fandom.com/wiki/Abilities/Passive#Toxin)\]  
>  
>3. Non-active effects that are shared across multiple abilities and cannot be specified as an effect for an individual ability:  
>  
>\-Neon's Energy \[[link](https://valorant.fandom.com/wiki/Abilities/Passive#Energy)\]  
>  
>\-Viper's Fuel \[[link](https://valorant.fandom.com/wiki/Abilities/Passive#Fuel)\]

&#x200B;

>Other Ability types are: "[Basic](https://valorant.fandom.com/wiki/Abilities#Basic)" , "[Signature](https://valorant.fandom.com/wiki/Abilities#Signature)" and "[Ultimate](https://valorant.fandom.com/wiki/Abilities#Ultimate)"

~~From my knowledge this is the official "passives" list -  i.e. It doesn't mention it "isn't a   official VALORANT classification." (unlike [Functions](https://valorant.fandom.com/wiki/Abilities#Functions))~~

*See u/Stratege_304 ‘s comment [[link](https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/14edx75/which_agents_have_passives_aside_from_jett/jovp3vg/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ioscss&utm_content=1&utm_term=1&context=3)]*
 

*IMO #1 are the only "true passives" and Astral Form is questionable. \[IMO #3 aren't  "true passives" - they only passively refill.\]*

***Edits: Added links and fixed formatting + extra additional information***
>Cry in the cocoon

Ftfy
I remember ulting clove after she died then she revived and my ult went normal so as clove's ult, nothing happened to the clove and she died from the timer, this is probably special cass maybe frame perfect ult or smthing
It's kinda funny how many "lore posts" ignore one of the first things we learned about the character.
Do it unironically the old people reading your essays don't know the difference anyways
Because the point wasn’t for me to survive. I’m 25 health and it’s last round. I’m trying to draw fire so Clove can have time to come back at 100 and fight
I don't think Riot is interested in adjusting the ACS calculation since ACS isnt really used for anything except scoreboard organization. Its not really a high priority, I expect.
There should at least be another chance to forfeit. I agree 100% with you, games are basically lost with one let alone two afks. I think at some point you should be able to at least forfeit the game so you dont waste time in an unwinnable game
People always ask my age when they hear me speak, and are surprised to find out I'm 29. I think the majority of valorant players are sub 25
icebox is not in unrated
first off, the movement in valorant is slower than cs, resulting in an easier time holding an angle or just clicking heads in general. the most effective way to not get 1 tapped is to deadzone in between tap shooting or strafing between 2 bursts. another tip is throwing shoulder peeks and then swinging wide to throw off their crosshair placement.
CC-VLRNT-CCHAL-VAL02
Because having togglable smokes instead of ones with a set duration is just that good.
Had someone who threw the other day cause their ace got "stolen". He had a fat cry
Tree vandal. I like to think of it as forcing the enemies to touch grass when I land the finisher
I’m not good at math but google confirmed that 80 is in fact greater than 20
This is pretty funny!


Good edit.
Wanna play the agent? You need to BECOME the agent!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!
Shit bruh I didn't even know cypher was this good. I just play him cuz he got a hat n shit.
Is it cheating if she’s just a crush though
Would it be a stretch to say agent 8 runs hour glass? Idk man, seems similar. This ⌛ and this 8
Now imagine those bots were aimbots connected by a valorant super AI hive mind, that's what Aspas was shooting and killing
He worded it pretty badly but what he meant is there’s no way to easily shut down a good awp. The moment there’s an awp in play, you have to play slower and burn more utility to first find it, then more utility to force it off angles. It costs 4700 so it is balanced in that sense but a gun that costs 2400 doing the same job is stupid.
No you don't need a Sage(or really any agent at lower ranks).  

That being said, Sage's util is very easy to use at low levels and the impact can be felt immediately especially in gold/plat and lower where most teams just 5man sites.
Haha 😂, it’s like a toxic relationship. But no i genuinely don’t think I’ll come back for at least a year, gives me enough time to heal my mental and be more prepared at least.
Bro spent the last 2 years playing cod.
That also means OP could be going against people who already know all the common spawn points and angles for the maps while OP is still learning all of that making it even harder for them to
4: Riot don't care about smurf,infact no policy state that you cant smurf
Prime Chamber was broken, unbalanced and more a duelist than a sentinel. 
ATM he is still good and have the proper usage a sentinel should have
Sentinels of Light is so underrated in my opinion, been playing since beta and didn’t buy the pack, now I have 25 vandal skins alone but still waiting for sentinels in the shop…
They… they really didn’t rotate any of the maps? Why?
You didn't replicate the same situation. You start shooting in the bottom clip during the last three shots of the top clip while the firing error was already taking place. Plus in the original clip you can see bullet 4 hit the terrain, showing that you had firing error.

I'd delete this as you just prove yourself wrong and that YOU don't know anything. lol
Lol, this reminds me of my first grind to immortal. I would see red carpets and tell myself "the next couldn't be worse" and it actually was.

Just keep grinding. Humans are designed to remember the bad more than the good. It's just how it goes.
I don’t know if  you are about this but if they  copied the Fortnite shop you would be frustrated equally if not more. 

There are some OG skins that have not returned in years. Some skins don’t show up for years and randomly come for a day. I agree however  they can expand to more store slots. Personally I think the shop should have the same number of slots as Night Market.  

I would be opposed to having 4 premium weapon skin slots, 1 BP skin slot and 1 melee slot
If your surround is set up well, having both is actually quite nice.
I have gamepass so I have her day 1 no matter what
Stop exposing our secrets bro
As long as you stay away from the fandom and the micro transaction it's fine and a fun game for someone who just wants to chill (and i'm not a genshin fan)
Your teammate's "OooawOahhh" sound is perfect. Nice clip mate.
ah yes, another lore enjoyer. fracture had e - mails at some point, right? they delivered quite a bit of lore.
A different genre given you should be using util in cs too.
Astra is super underpowered right now and even if you try your best to use her utility correctly, at the end of the day you only have 4 stars that don’t regenerate. I miss old astra :(
There's literally zero reason to ever use the bucky right click. No situation where it makes sense
I main Neon but fill occasionally. I prefer Neon because I came from Counter Strike so I’m just used to being aggressive and taking initial duels to get my team into sites. Nothing is more frustrating than having insta-lock Jett/Reyna who make their Brim and Sage entry. So even though I’m mainly a scummy insta-lock/insta-hover Neon main I pride myself on being the first entry so I’m at least doing my job. I can comm info for trades as well since comms can be spotty from randoms at times.
Feels like it's way faster than getting to level 5 honestly
I remember getting Breeze 5 times in a row one day lmao. Istg this Episode is the most dodges I've ever done in my entire career. 

Imagine you start your day, warm up.. then boom, BREEZE. Someone dodges,  but you go straight to Icebox.. and then you dodge and then oops, Split starting on attack ( silver weak mental will be crushed by round 5 )
Time to remind myself how many full games I can buy for the price of this bundle
I like the Phantom. But such situations are so annoying.
I'm not Scottish but grew up with Scottish friends, every voice line makes sense to me
Do what I did brother, take an act's break.

I'm now making six figures, cleared of all mental ailments, cured cancer, and haven't said a single mean thing since Act 6.
The rifle running accuracy in this game is nut fr
they put Fortnite dancing in valorant
bro cypher ulted irl
They got 5 first bloods and it was a close game?
Its not even about bad aim. Its just such an open map with so many angles which makes it unfun to play
Riot did mention they are doing something with this new agent which they tbh didn't think could ever make it to the game so this guy's ultimate being a literal aimbot is not surprising to me but sure is irritating.
does it happen only in initial release?
I mean, I get like 3-4 reports back a day using their REPORT FEATURE.

The solution is there, not sure why people are bitching about it. They've punished almost every person I've reported for text/voice abuse.

Report and then mute. No one or company ever will be able to have future-sight to see if someone is going to say a racial slur on voice comms. Absolutely ridiculous you'd blame Riot for that.
Just reply “imagine trying this hard in unrated” and then mute them
gameplay leak shows a timer after death
Can I sign up for cybersecurity coaching
Jett is the only agent with an actual passive ability, something that is apart of her kit that is independent of her other abilities. Phoenix’s healing and Viper’s toxin fuel for example are not passives because they are mechanics of their abilities, they don’t function on their own like Jett’s.
This the typa shit that tips you over the edge lmfao
Someone got into my account also and the mf lost games, like if your gonna use my account at least win
I think another factor is the time commitment to become good. If you have a full time job(which becoming not even good enough to secure a living anymore) errands to run after work, and working out for self care, the amount of time left for playing is barely any
Yeah the detain doesn't last forever. Which is what chamber would take to connect his shots.
Yeah thats what I mean lol. Does any other agent make you do that? I play sova so I personally dont have many issues with cypher
Every time I see a wingman I just immediately go "look at the little guy he's GOIN" like istg he's a cheat code he's too cute it's distracting.
What's wild is that SPIKE RUSH has the same limited map pool.
Smurfing in general is out of hand.  Riot doesn’t give a fuck so either accept it or move on.
I bought the vandal skin, and I have been giving it away to my teammates telling them it has the power of friendship. I am on a win streak with almost no kills.
just report, if your whole team does he'll be punished
I really hate titanmail, it looks like a cheap version of reaver minus everything cool about reaver
I think it’s related to “prevent players from trying to get knife kills instead of shooting their enemies” in a competitive game. Can’t say if they are gonna add them in the future but it is highly unlikely.
Mixed feelings. His free coaching content, rank shouldn’t matter if you the viewer take it as beneficial. Than no harm no foul…

However charging people to coach them under a false pretense is extremely wrong… and it’s even worse when you’re flaming people for being slow rank….

Soo I guess ultimately his actions are extremely wrong, however anyone who thought his coaching vids were beneficial, have no reason to 180 on it and blame him for not being able to rank up
Icebox A site... untouched
As someone from the same place the VA is from it feels like a played up accent but like... a real scottish person making it and just putting a bit of "this is scottish" on it, not a total full fake stereotype scottish accent
No one complains when Fade speaks Turkish
You have nothing to lose bro just do it… you’ll learn faster
They're adding a lot of changes after the Masters Shanghai tournament. Should be around mid June. Map rotations, some agent buffs/nerfs, and probably a new map.
same map pool? 
zzz
No
Update: I solved the problem. The new mouse I bought was faulty so I switched to the old one and the problem got fixed.
Did a game where each team has the same one character, forget what it's called, haven't played in a while, both teams picked breach, everyone had three flashes every round.  It was hilarious
I'd be so pissed at that neon and jett if I was on their team
I hate to say that I also got yoru cloned by the jett
No smoke tree which is tragic and hard to push into heaven
Nah if you're plat and lower there's a very good chance people can't aim and will hit your body and you will crouch into the headshot. It also ruins your mobility because you don't want to crouch and spray you want to burst and move.
You didnt decipher the cypher tho sad
they never made an official statement on what an ace is themselves, but what i said is the requirements for the announcer to say ‘ace.’
Illinois is the most friendly server in my experience
don't forget that the revive mechanic is also counterable by waiting 10 seconds by running
I know what you mean but this isn't always the case. I am a diamond female player and I very often queue with a male friend of mine around the same rank. Most games I play well but whenever I have one of those bad games that everyone sometimes has where I am proper bottom fragging. That's when they will start shouting this crap at me. That I am an egirl being boosted by my bf.

This really pisses me off cause clearly I cannot play with a male friend of mine AND have a bad game at the same time without people assuming things so whenever I can feel that it's gonna be one of those games I just dont use voice. People react very differently to (what they assume is) a dude bottom fragging.
Still doesn't explain why they named the game League of Legends but make us call them champions.
"skill based matchmaking brother"
Helps to have two games. Once in a while i stop playing this to go back to CS and have a blast. Usually something like a new wave of cheaters make me come back to Val. Currently hopping between both whilst waiting for CS2.
Neon. With how she moves in her trailer maybe I can finally clean my room
no, they will. Riot is a single person. If Riot stops doing A then they will do B quicker.
Playing badly is not a synonym for bottom-fragging. The top-fragging person in the team could actually be the one who is responsible for the loss of the team and for the low frag of others.

Example:
A top-fragging duelist and a bottom-fragging smoker or sentinel. The top-fragging duelist plays aggro and rushes every round in defense, always getting 1 kill before dying, sometimes 2. The other defendants in that bombsite manage to die quickly to the attackers’ counter-rush, with little to no trading. The smoker/sentinel, which is consistently playing in the opposite site where attackers end up going, sees himself having to retake the site, where the spike is already planted, alone or in a 2v4, with no control whatsoever of the site. The smoker/sentinel will face the enemies in a huge disadvantage, which will tend to make him bottom-frag even if he plays it well. If this happens consistently during the match, the team will be loosing and smoker/sentinel will be bottom-fragging all because of the top-fragging aggro duelist.
Thinking of unlocking breach, just because his utility doesn’t require lineups to get the full use out of, like brim, and I like his style
Viper calls clove her while correcting pronouns.
Listen here buddy
Iso is just poorly designed at such a fundamental level that I don't think he will ever be fixed.

Before Iso existed, someone at Riot had an idea for an aimlabs/kovaak's style hero.  Iso was created with this idea in mind.  This means the entire gimmick of him getting kills and shooting the orbs needs to exist.

This is a bad mechanic, especially in a game with recoil reset, high movement inaccuracy, extremely low TTK, where trade fragging is the norm. 

Valorant isn't even a very aim intensive game, at least not the kind of aim the ability is trying to emulate.  Valorant is much more about crosshair placement than active aim.

Even when you get a kill with Iso it's questionable whether you should even try to shoot the orb and ruin your crosshair placement, or just ignore the ability and try to kill the person trading. Plus even if you get the shield it's not very strong.  Sure it's great against Raze ult or an OP, but most people are using Vandal/Phantom.  It's reward is far too variable and the shield should just be removed and replaced with something else.

Undercut is supposed to be his 'win now' duelist ability, and while it's his strongest ability, it's far too hard for him to follow up on it.  Think about the free kills you get from Phx/Yoru flash or Reyna blind.  Undercut is nowhere near those in terms of winning a 1v1.

The wall is just so bad it's insulting, and the ult is fine, but weird.

The core of his problem is he sometimes *feels* like he can pop off, but it only happens in games that you would have won anyways.  In other words, he feels very strong when you are clearly better than the other team, but you probably would have won just as hard on Jett or Reyna so the Iso pick was actually pointless.
A win’s a win
Jett mains pre patch 4.08: “I USED TO RULEEEE THE WORLDDDDDD”

Seriously though, Jett in 2021 and Jett now are 2 entirely different agents. The freedom you could have with her was unmatched by any other agent at the time.

The smokes were really cool, but from my personal experience, them being 7 seconds didn’t make TOO much of an impact, outside of sitting in it when you dashed in, which is why it wasn’t that bad when it was reduced to 4.5 seconds. Even now, outside of sticking half of defuse, it’s mostly used the same as it was back then

The same thing can be said about the updrafts (to a lesser extent) They weren’t bad or anything, but i do still feel that going from 2 to 1 is excessive, even for nerfing her (I do still miss the double-updraft spots, they were free kills for unsuspecting enemies)

What was really fun was the insta dash. Being able to use it at any time was awesome in hindsight. (It was good not having to worry about popping it while a kay/o suppress was going on lmao). While it’s not so different on attack, on defence is a different story; Even excluding Jett Operator (everyone knows that story), you could choose to get aggressive with assurance that if things went wrong, you can dash away. Same thing with getting caught off guard. You had a way to reposition instantly.

Don’t let the old Seoldam clips fool you, chaining together kills with Ult right click + dash wasn’t as easy as it looks. They were (and still are) inconsistent af, but having essensially a free shotgun/rifle hybrid at the cost of 6 ult points made the game incredibly simple
They probably sitting on a decent stock pile of skins and battle pass items. 2 years in advance minimum would be my guess with another years worth near completion. I am basing this on pure speculation just always what i imagined for these types of games (at least successful ones)
deadlock isn’t a good pick on breeze
Singularity sheriff
Edit- Crédit: Raessyhral on Twitter 

( I found the video on YT and it was so good I posted it here on reddit but i really didn't know that LevelUpLifting didn't made it and i just found out the real Creator)
Ain't no way these diamond players thought playing like this was a good idea when your smoker is alive
Smoke on any map
baddie alert
Sovas drone lasts the whole round and becomes a deployable with its own AI to act as your hunting dog
🎵 wut da hell 🎵

🎵 ooooowomy gawd 🎵

🎵 ain't no wayyiayyyiayyyy 🎵
Lifted up the whole team and put them right on my back!
thats so cursed and people still do that haha
I see, seems like I misunderstood. So he stands there and you were unable to deal any damage to him? If so, that sounds like a bug that will likely get patched.
I swear people in this reddit can't complement for shit. "Som fundamentals and decent movement" bro just cooked the entire enemy team in a diamond lobby. He's better than 95% of the entire valorant player base. 

You did great and play like a beast. Good shit my guy
Doesn't it still? I haven't played in beta but I swear it has one
I mean you’re looking at a bronze 3 against a team of plats and gold. 17 is not horrible given that context especially if some of those frags are on the higher ranked enemies
How in tf did you get 200k xp in like 3 days
Probably cause it hit them in the body. Hope this helps. Actually tho I’m guessing it’s cause there’s a 1st shot accuracy rating for a reason: it can miss the criss hair)
Right click knives for the extra orb before defusing.
I love it, just wish it wasn't a hundred dollars
For the people saying this is blown out of proportion, it really depends on the region. I'm from west EU and there's a really high chance that everyone in my team will speak a different language, one misread call or misinterpretation of something is enough for insults to start being thrown around because, well, you're speaking English, it's not "you". It's way easier for them to insult. That's why i mostly stick to London server so people will often be English and less toxic, but I still find a few every 5 games or so. People will literally throw because they're "in a smurf and idc".
They say in the game "If you don't see me moving, I'm not dead, just taking a wee kip" which is like a nap, so I'm guess when they "die" in the game they're just going to sleep for a while.
I am very well optimized and I have to say this update is not a programmer.
He pretty much explained the psychology of a troll in a nutshell. I’m usually too tired to argue with a troll so I just mute them. It will have the same effect. They just want a reaction.
put the hands under the ass while u are dead
And another smurf was born
Oh yea and [https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/Forsefire%23Bruh/overview](https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/Forsefire%23Bruh/overview) if you want to see for yourself ( I personally think its quite a feat for mankind to be this bad )
As much as i enjoy that moment. We can't deny that utilities are kinda broken and back then u always have full buys whenever u saved a round due to how cheap it is. Sage having wall, 1/2 slow orb and a light shield is pretty busted with how big her wall hp is
I have this weird glitch where the enemy team shoots back at me
Marshal
bro is playing team deathmatch in comp lol
I aced (trust me)
ZXCV for abilities, m3 and 4 for ping and mic
Well spike defuse and plant is technically this. The problem being that they arent on real maps
Skye changes (11.0)

\- Selecting Skye now starts and auto-forfeit vote in round 5 with 3 of 5 votes pre-filled "yes"

\- RR losses doubled

\- Selecting players name auto-changed to "his Skye"
Don’t be scared to die. Helps with confidence when taking gun fights.
He's actually silver. He linked his tracker. The account is peak diamond and hadn't played in a while. Could've been a bought account, or he's washed.
I was just thinking.. Am I iron 1 now? Its been awhile since I've played ranked.
As a kid / young teenager myself, we often get flamed ourselves for having high pitched voices, I often get called a women and any time I try to speak up people always tell me to go to sleep cause it's my bedtime and all that shit, so I would say it's pretty rough for us as well.
Dust 2
This !!! 
Don’t support guys like this smurfing for cool clips
some more additions inspired by ow2 april fools changes:

- neon ult now chains between enemies

- fade utility instantly breaks when used in any part of the map with natural sunlight

- raze rocket permanently destroys map obstacles

- kayo's limbs will fly off of him as you shoot him

- brimstone's knees will gradually develop arthritis throughout the game, making him 2% slower per round

- the game will uninstall itself if you miss 8 headhunter shots in a row

- when in astral form, astra will disappear entirely and respawns at a random location on the map

- phoenix cannot hold any of his abilities out for more than 2 seconds; they get too hot and he throws them

- any shapes drawn with harbor's wall will fill with water, drowning any agents inside

- all stuns now knock primary weapons out of players' hands

- killing wingman instantly surrenders the game

- reyna is deleted from the game entirely
The ADSing, the moving while shooting, the crosshair - it’s beautiful, god I would kill to get these lobbies
The way the shop works right now is just complete dog, waiting on reaver and prelude to chaos vandal for MONTHS and nothing, but got the xerofang vandal on my daily shop literally one day after the bundle ended. the shop needs a rework asap.
I enjoy valorant up until i get someone toxic on my team, and even then i still like the game itself. Its like being on a cool road trip but someone invited their annoying friend, the trip is still good but everyone would have a better time if that guy wasnt there
everytime i get a sage (or play against one) in immortal elo, they do this wall lol

tbf i don't see sage played much anymore but still
Ye, that’s kinda insane.
Yeah this is way better than those people that chase kills and end up dying and throwing the round
guess theyre scared that if. they play valorant they’ll lose their cocks
ye it is strange. They get affected by revealing abilities tho iirc (sova and fade)
Yeah, but at closer ranges I feel like focus mode is a bit much
Damn good one. You're moving the way I do after an energy drink at 1 am lol.
can confirm people playing on london servers that speak french 90% toxic
Smoke is all about timing, if timings aren't right no benefit will come from it.

People will trash talk and blame, you just can improve and you also can be nice to others, no need to spread hate.
The shorty nerfs won't be going into pro matches until at least LCQs and maybe even Champs, I'm sure we'll see plenty of it at Tokyo
As a viper main, passive duelists are the bane of my existence. Like bro we know where they are, site is smoked, JUST ENTRY GODDAMIT. Don't play duelist if you're going to be a pussy
Two bad teams competing to see who will make the worst play. On one side, we have the smoke pushers that won't rotate nor patient, on the other side we have the greedy KDA hunters that will push you one by one in an attempt to ruin their advantage.
“Varied” gameplay like 5 people rush B and do same plant as every single icebox game, or 5 people rush A. You’re right the variety in icebox is it’s strength!
the best character is the one that suits your playstyle the best. or duelist.
Iron-Gold be like
Rito should consider this
"I started playing a week ago why am I not any good yet"

Welcome to being new at things.

Go play DM for a few months and watch some banana man gun fighting tips. Screw around in the shooting range.

Come back and see us in 3 months.
In my lobby it's the dude who "lurks" that buys the rifle last second without saying anything and then completely borks the lurk timing gives them the rifle and then we got rolled by it.
You have an owl drone
Not all luck, I saw some skill there brother. Very nice !
Dang this breakdown is very thorough, big thank you, I will be more careful next time looking at nest. Kind of sucks not to have a pc at my house to easily use and analyze like you did, still great job I will delete the other post to not make more confusion
I just realized this is more for a new player and that's not really the question.

I would say to really get into it, you are so much better when you don't get distracted with ur phone and shit. Recently I have put my phone further from me to not pull up Instagram between rounds, I find that that keeps me in the game.

Also comM. PLEASE COMM. HAVE A MIC AND COMM.
Banning cypher on sunset goes brrrrr
I once accidentally queued into Tokyo server and had to play on around 140-150 ping. Obviously I went double negative on jett. The smokes player on my team started throwing mid game and after the game added me ingame so he could type shit to me lol, all in japanese ofc even though I typed multiple times in chat that I accidentally queued on the server in don't speak japanese lol. Thats legit the 1st and only time I queued onto that server.
When I read this post I was absolutely stunned, not once in my life have I heard the words Reyna and Toxic in the same sentence, I'm even starting to doubt the authenticity of the story, I think you faked this for a few internet points because toxic Reynas don't exist, grow up and stop making fake posts, your next post will be something even more obscene, like an \*instalocking Reyna\*, fucking disgusting
Buffing every duelists except Phoenix is criminal, he absolutely needs one
There was another agent Gullible that was removed too.
That was the best and worst 10 minutes of my life. It's a masterpiece. Cringe in the best way.
I'm silver three, bcz for around 2-3 months I only played cs and civ. But  ranks shouldn't matter. Everyone should communicate
Same way if you put someone ascendant in plat lobby, you will get the same experience.
Kinda hate when ppl pick clove as a solo smoke because of 13s smokes and no useful stall/support util omen and viper have
Free gun btw

Nothing in this game is more infuriating than getting one-shot right clicked by a classic. Except for the current map pool of course.
Tragic. I hope that his family friends and team are alright
spam that ult on them every week !
Iron 1
"Cool, he'll be back just in time for your next game, then!"
I'm a  worried about specifics, it will depend at what rate you gain this new currency of course, but I can't say I'm super hopeful.

Currently, playing every day, you do your daily stuff, your weekly stuff, you can unlock an agent in 2 weeks. Give or take. That's what it's been taking me, at least, as I make my way to unlock the final few agents I don't own and I don't actually have a lot of interest in playing. This is only getting agents to level 5 in their contract, purely unlocking the agent, not their gun skin and post level 6 cosmetics.

If we are translating things into this new currency...well, again, it will depend at what rate you obtain it, but given that it can also be used to get old cosmetics...I can't say I'm the most hopeful on how plentyful it will be.
>We’ve seen it become common for Cyphers’ to hide Spycams (E) in the playspace and continually watch enemies without them knowing.

why is it worded like this is something new and not something cypher players have been doing since the game released? how has this ever been a problem? strips so much character identity from cypher, just revert the trips if u want him gone from pro play
Went from iron 3 to gold 1 in my first act playing.

Took about 114 hours but 1/3 of that was dicking around until I found the oblong saviour
The issues Overwatch 2, CS2, and Apex have are so much past anything in Valorant. Saying they "struggle" is almost just sugar-coating. There's an active refusal of making fixes and changes to these games, because it could potentially hurt profits in short-term.

The "next big thing" - The Finals - doesn't even run properly, on PCs that cost 1000€ a couple years ago. The game has forced garbage-antialiasing, and looks horrible on anything below full-hd. It has a terrible solo-queue experience like Apex. Investing a single minute of your time into the game without a 3-man premade is pointless.
That's exactly what my reaction was at the end
His name is Soap hailing from Great Britain. His abilities are a Harrier Strike, AC-130, and a tactical nuke.
Yoru. 

I've mained him ever since I saw his release, an agent that can turn invisible and teleport? It seemed like he was made for me, and ever since his rework my love only grew.

  
He is a character that has one of highest skill ceiling possible and it's always just a blast when I get to pick him, even if he's the "troll pick" to people who don't give a fuck about him. Just how creative you can get with him if you really want to makes his gameplay ALWAYS seem fresh. I love my blue edgy assassin stealth angry rebel japanese boy
bot detection is a LOT simpler than smurf detection. it would make things significantly more difficult for the YouTubers because the botted iron accounts wouldn't just be in unlimited supply, and since it would be harder to get a comp ready iron account, they would be much more expensive. riot just hasn't gotten around to it I guess
I remember it's a thing in csgo so it could definitely be possible. Except Valorant hasn't really added qol that players ask for, or is very slow about it.
Man sage is gonna be much more annoying now.
Yeah I have given up on trying to play at not peak hours, so many 150 ping duos/trios dominating the lobby
I mean just play what u want. „they“ want you to play meta but when ur a chamber god then go for it in comp
[deleted]
I suggested something similar in a trade, good change I think
Instead of ADS, left trigger massively slows down your normal sensitivity so you can make micro adjustments much easier. It’s tough to see in gameplay but actually using it feels reeeeeal smooth.
Eggster and whoframedme are some of the most entertaining personalities the community gave birth to, one of them being mentally deranged and playing valorant in an abandoned kindergarten while the other hit rank 1 just to throw games when going up against pokimane. I don't even main yoru and I enjoy watching both of them since they're entertaining

Westjett, rem and ethos all seem pretty full of themselves, westjett being mega edgy thinking humor is just spamming 9 11 jokes and rem and ethos thinking they're god's gift to earth.
The default vandal lowkey go hard, I have reaver and glitch pop but when I get bored I use the default. Feels like you get default buff with your aim
Hit the bong
It’ll never be “PC Valorant”. It also doesn’t need to be. I’ve been playing on console for a week now and having a blast. It’s just needs to be what feels best for console players.
Same. Wtf. Roza is when you miss and raze ult. Not a spot.
great post man drank my coffee learning something new today
Yeah because it would expose the amount of trickery in their net code. 

My conspiracy theory is that their net code is intentionally easy on high ping players so they can have a bigger player base, at the cost of fairness to everyone else.

A replay system would expose just how far off what you see on your screen is vs. what the server sees.
I'm obsessed with the Celestial fan and the fanning animation. Severely underrated IMO.
There was a time where people were using the ares over the vandal cause it was so op it was quicker time to kill when hitting all body shots with ares then all body shots with vandals so low ranked people were buying it so much that it got nerfed to the ground
Me after losing a few rounds with Vandal because of overspraying: sigh here we go again *buy an Odin*
Dpi is in your mouse software. Windows settings don't matter, you should override them in game.
Actually I'm trying to do a sub 50s 😁
Waiting to see the people try to tell you that it's a you problem and not a game problem. 

Matchmaking sucks in this game right now.
Oh no you accidentally fell from 19th floor
>How Reyna push through Cypher trip? Kill someone and dismiss in.

>How Iso push through Cypher Trip? No He can not.

You literally have a wall that protects you from bullets. Just send the wall, and even if you walk into the trip, you can't get spammed. Just shoot the trip then. Reyna on the other hand needs a kill first. And why would they give you a fight if they have a trip? Nobody's just gonna wide swing you instead of just playing off of the trip.

Also the whole "enemy has advantage in iso ult" thing is just stupid. Even if that was true (which it isn't, objectively, no matter what any random youtuber says for content), it doesn't matter, because as the Iso, you're the one in control of where you seek a duel. You can literally see where the enemy is gonna respawn if they kill your Iso, it's like camping a Phoenix ult respawn, just easier, because unless your Iso is extremely incompetent, it's a guaranteed trade. Going one for one as a duelist on a site execute is (situationally) extremely good, actually. So even if you lose every single one of your duels (which you won't), you can still get very high value out of it.

Also Reyna heal does not last the entire round, it expires (at least the overheal). Plus in high ranks, one damage instance is typically 160HP, while Reyna can only heal for 100. A shielded Iso survives a Vandal headshot, a healed Reyna doesn't. The shield can actually give you an advantage in a 1v1 duel, the Reyna heal can't possibly do that, because at most you'll be at 150, which is the same as the opponent.
Brim- use your molly to target a corner or doorway enemies will use to escape your ultimate. Often I'll get all my kills from the molly and none from the ult. 

I call it the anti-fire escape
If i had such luck running and gunning i would be radiant in no time
"Why didn't you trip flank?" on defense lmfao
Case in point, there's a bunch of clips of pro teams picking Yoru before actually learning him properly and massively embarrassing themselves
You barely have any experience. Level 26 is basically nothing. You lack the game sense, your mechanical skill is probably ass if it's your first competitive shooter and you lack any real knowledge about the maps. Just play some more and you're sure to get better.
I'm a controller main and I'm excited because I know I won't have to fight for instalocking them
you literally play off site, let them burn all of their util for nothing because you are giving them site, and then burn all of yours to retake.
Realest answer
Iso. His abilities don't match the playstyle of valorant
And pretty much garbage as a duelist when compared to others
Hopefully this fixes the performance issues(low fps) and ping problem that started 2-3 weeks ago.

Fingers crossed..
Never happy to start Breeze
TP is good for your rank. As you go higher up, you want to be wary that players will hear you down there.
I’ve been stuck in B3 for a while of this act, 75% of my games have been people people throwing, toxic younger children, and going against high ranks trying to rerank up. It’s tough but i’m sure you’ll get better.
Split is my best map (64% winrate in D3) and one of my favourites. Sad. 

BUT thank God breeze is gone. I have 59% winrate but my god that map is ass. So boring to play.
Sound effects are really hard to hear in the video, so I recommend you check it out in game once it's out (maybe someone will drop it for you). We worked really hard this year to make the firing sound distinct but also subtle since we heard from pros and high elo folks that they preferred more subtle firing on their Phantoms (vs. Vandal).

  
All the sounds are pulled from the music video anthem, so it's a lot of cool synth sounds, which might or might not be your thing!
I second this.
I put clove in the duelist-lite category along with agents like Kayo, so yes. Whenever I lock sage and there’s two duelist and a clove it feels like playing with 3 and a half duelists.
I started buying a shorty with my OP because of this subreddit, thanks
I think he mean as entry with flash+tp
If i remember correctly
What? You mean the Golds who force-buy Spectre every round on this subreddit MIGHT not know what they're talking about? Crazy!
you’re 100% right, doubt they’ll do anything abt it since deadlock doesent even have good norwegian lines and she’s brand new
Most fortunate panicked sprayer
In my first game, someone was screaming in comms to "check heaven". I was like "but we are already in haven right? It's the name of the map right?"
Even if you did use the cypher ult on a dead body, who would it reveal?
Lots of players are good at this game. Not many players are smart.
Radiant here

I think the issue is with how you're peeking angles & holding. 

1. Peeks are EXTREMELY slow, giving people an extremely easy time to react to you. I would try to learn how to peek quick from Slow to Fast (Shift to not holding shift) without making noise. You have a quick gap before you make noise, so clearing angles especially from far away isn't too dangerous for you. 
   1. This catches people off guard and gives them less of an advantage on you.
   2. Slow peek ONLY if you have the angle advantage, you'll see them before they see you :) More on angle advantage below.
2. Angle Advantage.. I would get it absolutely burnt in your head that the further away you are from an angle the more likely you'll see the other person before they see you. The closer you are to holding an angle or peeking one, the enemy will most likely see you first. This is a huge thing people ALWAYS and I mean ALWAYS call me BS or ? me in Unrated, Swift, etc because they don't understand that I saw half their body before they got even a glimpse of me. It always allows me to prefire easily or just straight up shoot their head through Valorants paper mache walls lol

Here's an example of the angle advantage: [https://imgur.com/a/Y3L1d9H](https://imgur.com/a/Y3L1d9H)

To counter it, play further back.. think of your distance vs theirs. Are you further back or closer? Want a video example? Search angle advantage & peeking on YT -
I think it's actually a boosted account. Checked his tracker, before Reyna, he was doing pretty average, but suddenly when it was Reyna, his stats would be insane, and even his hs rate is at least 20% averaging around 30%. Feels like someone else played on his account to create such a dramatic shift.
i had a jett complain to me and call me trash because i was using my deadlock wall in unrated like okay bro its 5am let me do whatever i want and ill let you do whatever you want its fine
OP getting downvoted cuz people are interpreting his comments as sarcastic and snarky. Remember guys that people's mannerisms and intents differ based on culture.
Now I see why shampoo bottles come with instructions.
Well don’t pop ur lobbed flash 30 feet from the angle u intend on flashing, and you probably shouldn’t be standing in the middle of site if ur gun isn’t out. Your lobbed flash is really good in this scenario: sit inside enemy smoke, listen for enemies, pop the flash and push out
idk if they could have gotten the defuse but was sage even helping shoot the barrier here lol I see why people have been using the odin more often now
If I don’t buy multiple how will I be excited when my favorite one shows up in my random selection?
as another cs player, the way the valorant community treats skins is so weird. I've never seen cs players beg for skin drops every round, even in games where someone has a (literal) million dollar inventory. Val skins max out at like $30, and have no actual value since they're locked to your account, but people still act like they just saw Jeff Bezos handing out free money.
I'll probably call mosh a little freak if not booger bomb
I think the shield is fine. You trade longevity/entry for a very real chance at either a multikill, or ego swinging an OP.


Its just, the rest of his kit is so mid it feels bad. At a high level the shield > overheal, at least vs rifles. The only issue is, he isnt helping the push. Hell, if he has ult he makes a slightly advantageous 4v4.
In his discord they're brushing it all under the rug and seemingly deleting posts about the allegations.
Trolling is eternal and existed way before the internet. Google en passant if you'd like to know more.
this list is not bad but id like to adjust some of it.

  
Breach flash: B tier since theres a clear sound queue

Skye flash: S tier with phoenix since it can also do a pop flash or a high flash outside your pov

Reyna leer: C tier because a lot of the time you can move a few inches to get it out of your LOS

Kayo flash: A tier similar to skye but it having a louder sound cue
It's been like this ever since they removed the rank restrictions. Removing the rank restrictions didn't do anything to slow down smurfing (which was the reason they gave for removing them).
Cypher is better than killjoy on bind
I feel like the only reason you would ask this question is if you genuinely just want skins that lots of people like. If every single person here answered "THE SMITE SKINS BUY THE SMITE SKINS" would you buy the smite skins despite not liking them?

It's pretty easy to go through all the skins and decide which ones you like and want to look out for yourself, I don't see why you'd need any redditors opinion as skin preference is subjective. 

You should buy the smite skins btw.
fr we are the chosen ones
And his sheriff
They played CSGO for 10000 hours before hoping on Valorant.
If bronze is your aim, then..

1. Bind crouch and Fire to your left mouse button

2. Play Phantom

3. Play neon

PS: This is a bad advise and will establish bad habits and bad aim hygiene
Chamber main here. My opinion is that he’s still badass if you know how to use him.
Hahaha I swear it wasn’t (not that I’m above such a thing…) but this was from when shorty bullets came cheap 🥲
About the last sentence, every character is free; just unlock them with Kingdom Creds, which you gain from games and daily quests.
Pearl gone for a year and no changes, and split got added back for the 5th time
Damn, no wonder she left
Faking tps and right clicking decoys is how he was meant to be played. You instantly upgrade how you play yoru when you start doing this
This happens with the start of every episode. It should balance you out to a more accurate rank eventually
Riot HR after this post, find this dude!
As someone who had to go through the old agent contract system: the new system is way faster than the old one.
Bad players lmao, and it would probably work anyway since the enemy just peeks regaedless
Ping diff
Yo that is actually really nice 👍
It's true, I'm the dad's boyfriend and he told me everything during the pillow talk
I've literally stopped playing more than 1 or 2 games a day, i cannot play more because its always Breeze, Icebox or Lotus - on a constant rotation. It's awful. PLEASE Let us pick our maps that we want to queue like counter strike.
yeah the tactibear skins are not it for me but i bought it for the knife mostly, the fact that they gave comet skins different colour options???? im in love with it

also the wingman spray is incredible and made the battlepass worth it either way
It takes a bit more thought than other roles typically. You need to know the default smokes for every map and place them at the correct time and make sure they are flush.

You also need to be able to think about the game from another perspective when it comes to clutches. Placing weird smokes is fine in these scenarios.

Goes without saying, you need to know how to use the rest of your kit too, like flashing for your team with omen or using the flash + tp combo to take space and get free kills.
And to add to that, (idk if this is true in higher elo) trolling / throwing games bc. you don’t let others have ur skin. It’s so fkn annoying.
The fact that Chamber is there in the background is a subtle detail to mention as even though they are in the same group and work together, he remains so "distant", as he doesn't really want to stay there, at least for now lol
Honestly hard to tell everyone is in the early stages and idk I have stopped using focus mode for the most part now as it’s not really needed but I can absolutely help newer players hit there shots
The obvious answer is Gekko with a Pete Davidson type of delivery- and after every joke he’d be like “dayum you guys looove being here, like way too much,” after the crowd laughs. 

The meme answer is clearly Kayo. Bro has some zingers.
That’s because every time you respawn, it counts as a new body. You receive one instance of 999 damage per 1 body
and that's EXACTLY why you don't push out until you are SURE that raze doesn't nade on lotus. helps to tell your teammates too
Clearly he didn’t read the patch notes
The amount of scenarios where it's useful is very much lower compared to other ults. Plus it alerts enemies when they are near by. It doesn't really help your teammates that much unless you're planning to ult the spike with it. I'd have much preferred if the omen ult was like a breach ult sized paranoia.
As long as its aim assist vs aim assist then there’s no issue
Mid season drop if I had a guess! Probably would be that like following Tuesday the 26th?

I cannot for the life of me remember if other agents have came out mid-season so trying to google that so I’m not just pulling something out my ass 😂
I thought the same at first but if you watch the enemy interacts with both sets of cabbages plus his team mate mentions it as well. This means they actually did spawn into the server.
Yep... Pretty shameless to duo with literally the same guy that boosted his account previously. He ran into a (likely Radiant) smurf in this game who absolutely decimated his team [https://tracker.gg/valorant/match/8351a88e-69b3-421f-9b40-25de0bcc18d1](https://tracker.gg/valorant/match/8351a88e-69b3-421f-9b40-25de0bcc18d1)

That guy's tracker is how I would expect an ex-Radiant to look like in this rank
Watch JoeDaBozo
I'd imagine Viper going something like "*machiavelous laugh" aaah... Sage, your reviving gift is as useless as you are" Or something like along those line.
just a random thought, can you use cypher ult twice in 1 round, should be possible with 2 orbs + plant + 3 kills
That’s not how you deal with something like this. You need to deal with the problem, not put a bandaid on the symptom. Valorant is a free game. It’ll be 2 days before you sign up for another free account if you’re actually addicted.
Ignore man , mute em straight away if they give out those vibes iykwim . You're a good father
There’s the average consumer which buys a single skin (which is the common case for Vandal/Phantom and probably why you see it constantly) or a bundle once every few months like it’s probably your case. And there’s the whale, which buys every bundle that comes out no matter how good they are (streamers as an example). 

No reason for them to change or lower prices when those people exist. They’re probably more profitable than the average consumer as they receive what’s essentially a $200 subscription from them every month. 

Personally I’m at a point where I have enough skins and can’t justify spending $25 per skin anymore. If they were $10 I’d probably be buying more.
Don’t agree
This and also the fact that my friend who uses a laptop integrated gpu can run the game at 120 fps. I find this insane.
When I stim my entire team
If this is your first time seeing a confirmed hacker in 4 years, I think it’s safe to say Vanguard is doing its job well.
Who's forcing you to play omen?
all the players in silver are just ex plats? the real silvers are now bronze/iron after placements
Bro you violated that guy
Are you moving while shooting? I’m not sure if you’ve played cs/Valorant before but you literally have to stand completely still to shoot. Not like mw3 or apex or cod. If you have any player speed at all your accuracy will go right into the trash.
Luck, it happens sometimes

In other situations, some people are really good with movement and timing in this game and a re able to stop, shoot and go back to strafing in extremely short amounts of time such that it looks like run and gunning
Okay, I have to mention this, but the quality of the models in this animation seem a little "strange", it's as if the engine used to model them was different, not to mention that there isn't even any dialogue in this short.

Furthermore, I swore that Omen's assassination attempt would be present in a complete episode and not in a short film lasting just a few seconds... Iso just stood there with the gun in Omen's head and Omen didn't even see it. Like, that seemed too easy lmao.

The only point I can give praise is the small tension built, but honestly, it was kind of predictable that Iso wouldn't shoot. In fact, I don't even know if Omen can actually die.

Not a bad short, no, but I felt it was a little too soon and kinda "rushed" y'know?
Satchels haven't been nerfed yet, they will be in the upcoming patches. All of her other util has been nerfed as it was too rewarding for the cost / the role, like her bot if hit killing the enemy or having too long of a range. Her satchel nerf, I don't feel like is justified, she has a high pick rate right now because the maps in rotation are good for her vs the only other dive duelist (jett).   
  
You do need more practice, there are lot of variables in:

- Throwing satchel looking down vs Throwing them looking forward

- Throwing the second satchel immediately vs Late in the first one

- Satchel's height and the elevation you're on.

- When you turn, rule of thumb from my experience if you can't turn more than twice off one satchel, so if you wanna do a full 180 around something, you do the initial turn with second satchel then second turn air strafing. (A bit too complex to explain)

- Air strafing / better movement 

But if you can notice and replicate the above pattern from the videos you see, then you can replicate the same satchel.
that being said i come from cs so maybe thats why im like this
odin lol
The only good answer
Planting default when we have full site control. Just plant open and change the round win% from 50% to 70%. Happens especially on split
You nailed the valorant aesthetic! I especially like the wall portal ability, it suits her theme well
I think its 16+ but no one really looks into this. As long as your parents are fine with it I don’t see any issues
Shazam. Hmm idk. Good app for music searching
RR does not matter, it is a fake number meant to soothe your ego. Hidden mmr will always be the only number that matters
Valorant technically has an age rating of 16 and I assume anyone who is using a soundboard lied about that.
The main broken aspect is how fast you can hit the second shot, so 2 quick body shots even on a full buy is gonna kill
If you took Omen from me and then did that I would vote to FF.
1-bullet headshotting someone when they're a speck on your screen
First rule of Valorant: Don't move while shooting.

Second rule of Valorant: DON'T MOVE WHILE SHOOTING.

Third rule try to keep your crosshair at head level 24/7. It will help keep you where you need to be aiming even when you're not thinking about it.

Last rule DONT FREAKING MOVE WHILE SHOOTING PLANT YOUR FEET FIRST THEN FIRE 😤😤😤
u dont like the green screen type of effect?
Omen but with brim ult
Also, *offline range*. There is no reason for the range to be connected to a server. The fact that you can lag in a single player practice arena is laughable.
The sensors aren't meant to watch flank, think of them as breach stuns that auto trigger when they push through a choke
Damn Viper orb not being retrievable is scuffed AF
You shouldn't be entry as KJ when attacking. 

This is completely headcannon but it has (in theory) worked for me.

\*Initiator creates an opening on site\* I.E. breach flash, skye flash, Sova dart, Fade whatever the fuck she throws.

\*duelist swings angle\* optimally the duelist will clear the angle not covered by the initiation onto site. 

\*2nd duelist (because in most elo's there will always be 2) is holding the first duelists pocket\* This is solely to trade the first duelist who will inevitably lose their gun fight

\*You as the controller goes behind the 2nd duelist\* This is to be as safe as possible to get setup onto site to get your setup down.

And this is how I also comm our 5 stack to enter site. No one ever listens but in my head if they did we would be unstoppable.
I.E.: bad macro, good micro.

Probably great at aiming, agent main utilization, game sense, etc... But horrible when it comes to team play, knowing when to rotate (lurking for kills etc...), playing around team's utilities/using their util to help others.

I can't recall how many Ascend-Imm players are crazy with flicks, but somehow can't comprehend how to play around my aggressive smokes/one-ways...
A champion Katana would be AMAZING
Lil bro having performance anxiety
2025 is the big one. 5 year anniversary.
That’s why the vote kick is also in place. If it’s truly 1 person trolling 4 others you can vote kick the one troll and play the 4v5.
There's a Yoru voice line after a round win where he asks, "How did every piece of trash end up on the same team?" or something along those lines. Surprisingly bm and hilarious when I first heard it lol
While we studied the vandal, this man studied the blade
Sage walls become scary and having pressure sounds really fun ngl
imagine if lol had young Valorant's naming scheme lol

Platinum   
Emerald   
Diamond   
Master  
Grand Master  
League of Legends

holy shit that's actually sick as fuck
As somebody who has been playing online games for over 20 years in the MOHAA and COD1/UO/2 days...

Infantry Guardian is an S tier skin. I don't care what anybody else says.  875 is a bargain. 622 is a steal.
She was behind the box
Rawzu does it too?
Prime is the skin everybody comes back to. It just hits so good and the reload animation is superior. If people keep coming back to it after all these years then you know it's golden!
Everytime I hear “heal me, heal me, heal me” I will also hear 4 rounds later “why are we not holding sites? Sage that’s what your wall is for!!” 

Yea motherfucker I would love to slow the site but I’m constantly running to mid to give you a heal or I won’t hear the end of it cause you think you would’ve aced if I got you the heal. 

Moral of the story is I moved to clove and nobody gets a heal.
I’m not calling u addicted but in this context it was too funny how u misinterpreted that lol
Idk I’m starting to think this sub is turning into a bunch of smoke players tooting their own horns. I play Omen - I get that smokes are good, but better than 3 or more kills? If someone turns a game into a 2v5 I much rather that over a smoke.
He doesn't have all the BP skins, I saw some locked ones on his videos
Nd main point is that it was already unaffordable and now they are increasing price more.
Their greed has no bound  nd i think they look down on our regions as whole.
head hunter will probably keep your aim sharp. At the same time, you might not be able to afford awp every time. Dw.
I never understood that because the sound of the gun does not change if an enemy is shooting it
Not everything is about watching funny number go up, dude will remember this game for years I'm sure. Probably one of the most tense games he has ever had
If you're playing against a weird comp playing normal can be self-defeating. So stack sites and play retake (with only duelist utility it should be very difficult for them to hold postplants). And mix it up by having 4+ flank sometimes (check corners lol). They don't have sentinels so map control will be difficult.
using the numbers is more accurate.  i also use mouse wheel for jump and left click for easier sage walls
We did it, we saved reddit by shutting down the subreddit for a few days over a change the majority of users won’t notice and don’t care about. /s
EKDUM THELKA
real life logic really isn't the best basis for balancing.
I thought "Oh he avoided the plant, let's go OT!" and then suddenly the game was over. It took me a second to realize what had happened.
Would you have survived without the jump lol?
Just fell to my knees in a Montana's BBQ & Bar
Not sure honestly, i think i just always wanted to improve and followed esports scene so i slowly improved while i played with my friends and we all got here eventually
ikr? taking maps out of the comp pool makes sense but swiftplay? unrated? really ??
I gotta be honest the neo frontier marshal is better imo
Team
The phoenix that burn his teammates.
That's how it always goes. A hard-reset fucks everything up. Then it gets better after a few weeks.
Unrated is unplayable for me because of this. If they want a close game, they should play comp. If they just only want to play when they're winning, they shouldn't be playing a competitive fps with sbmm in the first place. 


I only experience this in unrated though. Are you referring to comp?
Nah dawg fuck their ace I'm winning the round, if they want it you go kill him first

Likewise if I get 4 on B and my teammate says he's on my site at A come ace I'm just gonna say no just kill the mf if you can and win the round, I could care less about an ace
DRAW!  


QUINTUPLE KILL
Keep using 1600dpi it lowers your input lag. Just use .3 sens.
You should tell him to stream and advertise it in his title, yea
Thicccccc
Been realizing this more and more. I think around silver/gold is where you start to realize the importance of making yourself hard to hit. I'd say it is equally important to clicking on them.
Immortal. The reason for this is that I also spent a looot of time at normals, dms and range. For me Aimlabs was not my main tool for practice. In my opinion you dont have to play aimlabs to get high rank. It improves your raw aim, thats true, but other things, for example movement and peeking and decision making, you can learn only from playing the game. So if you want to have good aim, u just have to play a game a lot :D
They lost their chance to make a mode that is literally infinite Iso ults 
Hey, friends. Jo-Ellen, here. Say hello to Episode 9 and its very first patch. There’s a lot. You’ll see an update to Iso’s Double Tap as well as Abyss entering Ranked on PC.

---

# AGENT UPDATES
## ALL PLATFORMS

* We've added new conversation voice lines between Agents that includes: Phoenix, Harbor, Brimstone, Yoru, Raze, Iso, Sage, Neon, Gekko, Skye, Deadlock, Omen, Kayo, and Reyna.

## PC

**Iso**

We're happy that Iso has been more comfortable entry-ing towards the front of his team but want to increase thoughtfulness and context around when Iso activates his Double Tap. This should make the counterplay around breaking his shield or denying the Double Tap orbs more successful.

So we’re decreasing the duration of his Double Tap buff while also removing the refresh that comes with securing two kills. Iso can now only extend Double Tap by shooting the orbs that spawn while the buff is active.

> Double Tap (E)

* Duration: 20s >>> 12s
* Signature kill reset removed

## CONSOLE

* **Sova’s** Owl Drone’s HP is now 100, up from 60.

---

# COMPETITIVE UPDATES
## PC

* Abyss added to the Ranked map pool.

## CONSOLE

* Competitive Mode is coming to Console this patch. Queue up and see if you can climb the ranks and make it onto the Immortal Leaderboards. Good luck on your first race to Radiant!
* Our Competitive Mode map pool will start with Abyss, Ascent, Bind, Haven, and Sunset with new maps slowly being added in the next few patches.
GAMEPLAY SYSTEMS UPDATES

## CONSOLE

* Added a new “Controls Preset” selection screen upon first boot-up prior to loading into the tutorial. You can now choose between our VALORANT-specific controls preset or a more familiar, TRADITIONAL console FPS preset as your starting controls scheme. You can easily change your preset and customize controls at any point once in-game through the Settings menu.
* Polished sound transitions between Focus and ADS to better reflect the aim state you're transitioning into.
* Crosshair presets have been updated to reflect a better variety of usable crosshairs.
* Updated the Fighter controls preset so that Crouch is a Hold action instead of a Toggle action.
* Added holistic Aim Sensitivity slider.
* Added the ability to enter precision mode while in controls settings to adjust sensitivity sliders by .1 increments.

---

# PLAYER BEHAVIOR UPDATES
## PC

* In addition to removing zero tolerance terms from text chat, people who repeatedly engage in this behavior will see increased penalties on their transgressions.

---

# PREMIER UPDATES
## PC

**Welcome to the Path to Pro!**

* Teams in Contender that earned a promotion in Stage E8A3 are in the new Invite Division, where finishing the Stage at a high enough rank will earn you an opportunity to make it into a Challengers League.
* Contender and Invite Divisions play a little differently:
  - Strict rematch protection in weekly matches prevents you from ever matching against the same team more than once in a Stage.
  - If we can’t find you an appropriate match during the queue window, you’ll be given a Bye. Byes award a match win and 100 points.
    * Losses award 0 points.
    * Finals in playoffs are Best of 3 matchups.
    * There are some extra roster restrictions for Contender and Invite Division teams.
* For all the details on new rules in Contender and Invite, check out our updated Everything You Need to Know About Premier article.

---

# SOCIAL UPDATES
## PC

* When you add a friend, you can now paste or type a full Riot ID (including tagline) into the "Riot ID" field and it will automatically split the data into the "Riot ID" and "tagline" fields.

## CONSOLE

* We’ve updated the communications menu so it’s easier to manage team and party voice on the fly.
* We’ve added Voice Chat to the Settings page. Now you can tailor your mic behavior and voice settings to suit your setup.

---

# BUG FIXES
## Agents
**PC**

* Fixed an issue where Iso’s shield hitbox could be misaligned.

**CONSOLE**

* Fixed an issue with Jett's Tailwind (diagonal dash) that was reducing the dash length.

## Competitive Systems
**CONSOLE**

* Fixed an issue in Team Deathmatch where you would incorrectly see DRAW as a final result in EOG screens.
* Added specific scoreboard screens for Team Deathmatch and Deathmatch.

## Gameplay Systems

**ALL PLATFORMS**

* Fixed a particle issue when using ADS on the Level 3 and 4 Mystbloom collection.
* Fixed an issue when exiting Cypher’s Spycam that caused Cypher’s hands to stutter for Spectators.

**CONSOLE**

* Fixed issue where both Focus and ADS sounds would play during transitions.
* Fixed Leave Game menu persisting through AFK idling.
* Fixed animation bug with Leave Game Menu.

## Maps
**ALL PLATFORMS**

ABYSS

* Fixed several unintended boost positions.
* Fixed bugs allowing players to get under the map.
* A Site cover should now properly appear in Omen and Astra smoke targeting world.
* Fixed an Omen exploit allowing him to get between the spawn barriers.

## Social
**CONSOLE**

* Fixed an issue where the friends list would sometimes display inaccurate platform information for friends.

# KNOWN ISSUES
## General
**CONSOLE**

* When navigating Surrender menus, there’s a chance your controls can become locked for an entire round. Due to this, we’ve elected to disable the Surrender and Remake menus until we can properly fix the issue. Draw will remain functional.

## Premier
**PC**

* When changing the Stage in the dropdown on the standings page, the content doesn't refresh. To see accurate standings for past Stages, change the Stage, then change division or zone and the content will update.
* The standings page sometimes fails to update, and you may see fewer teams than expected. Click on another tab in the Premier Hub and then return to standings to fix the issue.
* If you are in Contender or Invite and are awarded a Bye during Weekly matches, you will not see that match recorded in their Premier Match History tab. You will be awarded a win and 100 Premier Score as expected, and that is reflected correctly on the standings.
Charla7an is amazing, his discord also has near unlimited free resources (if you pay for the paid resources you’ll have literally days worth of videos)
new personal record: 4/0/0
Every Phoenix line is amazing.

"Remember, stay out of the fire. Super high level tactic, remember that, yeah?"

"Buy stuff, kaching, lil' skrrrt, then we're done, yeah?"

"Mess with again? Oh wait, you can't!"

"That's going on a highlight reel for sure!" 

"You thought you could come against I."
I lost to a Classic, don’t worry.

Brim had a judge and I had a vandal so I ulted him thinking it would be an easy kill. I hanged back all smug like only to get immediately double dinked by his Classic when the walls went down. 

Wild shit happens in that arena bro.
Gekko is pretty straight forward, 3 guys, one flashes, one stuns / plants, one is a molly and the last big guy detains
That's why I said potentially. Some people might spend too much time or money on Valorant yk.
idk man, if I was silver again I wouldn't mind a high level player who's wasted come into my games and fuck around
For people that don't play league, this means that viper will be gatekept by how strong she is in pro play, even when she hits an abysmal state for 99.9% of the playerbase
“That definitely wouldn’t work for me” 

I fixed it for ya
He wants to play, let him play
Breach breaches into his room every time he wants to get in, hence his name.
Sage. Battle Sage Mode on.
team dm is FAR better
And you **still** have to get another currency to even get the animations too. Absolutely ridiculous.
idk the specifics but i hate op, it feels so janky and boring to play, you cant use movement to your advantage contrary to CS
N word all match, the commitment was strong. Every other second he’d just be yelling it top of his lungs

Wanted to mute him but also wanted to listen
If you're a streamer you won't struggle with finishing the battle pass, no matter what mode. As long as you play most days of the week, it's no problem , and most bigger streamers play several hours a day

the way I see it, the battle pass _is_ designed for regular comp players. It's just that if you don't play enough you can basically cheese it with the other modes. But you're definitely supposed to be able to finish it on comp only if you are a commited player
I have to work like 13 hours that’s cause I’m criminally underpaid but still
But that wall tho!
This Never works in low Elo because people shoot EVERYTHING. Yoru can be on screen, already killed, people will shoot the fake
Lol this just happened to me today like I got 3 kills and spike was also drop then all of my teammate started solo hunting for kills and got killed one by one like mann it was soo frustrating
While bald Cypher is lovely, I still think they should make it so he has a miniature hat under his hat. He would still be bald, but with a very tiny hat.
unrated is not the same as ranked

most pplz dont care about unrated and play for fun which can include doing stupid stuff
Riot is owned by Tencent, I’m sure you can work it out from there
As an Omen main it often falls to me to carry the spike that I’m happy to do most of the time. However if you just give me the spike at the beginning of every round means that I can’t lurk or tp behind the enemy. I hate to drop spike after starting the round for that’s a huge info to the  enemy if they hear it. You also do not necessarily want the spike to be carried by anyone at the beginning of the round if you are playing default. So instead of giving the spike to someone why don’t you just place it somewhere close to the team and when the situation dictates one player can carry it to site(unless of course you are 5 stack rushing a site).
Lol, comms and map are not the problem, it looks like a lack of headphones and monitor
i never play spike rush, but i get it. imagine queing deathmatch and one agent just gets to use flashes, but only that single one.
Too bad, you really deserved more for this ACS.
It might be because Cypher's pure value is in gathering info via util rather than dealing damage unless you could the 1 point of damage from his trip. Every other major sentinel with trips has offensive capabilities while Cypher is stacking everything on being the best at his defense.
I read somewhere that Xbox seems to shy away from anything resembling motion controls because of their Kinect flop. It sucks because for me their controllers feel very nice but are rendered useless without gyro.
Do you know what a VPN is?
I just feel like I relate on a spiritual level to the [eepy purple lil guy](https://x.com/ValorINTEL/status/1805464684042101236)
I want to select skins based on the agent I'm playing
Leavers and afk… in unrated or swift play it’s whatever but in comp? Had two leavers on one team and it really does feel impossible and then you eat like 20 rr loss it hurts my soul a little bit 😭
Standing still AND having her back turned. An unaware enemy is the hardest to shoot.
Haha.. console clips are insanely hilarious and slow man, feels like I am walking in a dream. Btw I would suggest you to not slow walk while peeking.. almost always better to go left or right at full speed and stop. You will learn how to do that without footsteps on your own
I actually like iso's kit. The problem is he doesn't have a entry. Something like Reyna's blind, yoru's clone or Gekko's dizzy.
yeah like come on. Houserules in an online competitive strategy shooter?

&#x200B;

How stupid is that?
Regardless, proper smoke orb lineups almost always bring more value to the team especially when viper is solo controller.
No, it's cause they don't want people tuning into valorant streams and seeing the low res and chunky stretched models from 4:3 stretched and maybe getting turned off
still waiting for there to be an actual ice themed agent
except the team is never behind me :(
Issues alone with the console release, this is so great for the game.

The pro scene alone could double viewership just by having a console version.
5 ft 2 450 lbs
its gotta stand for "From-Grave" surely, so using abilities when dead is probably the biggest part of his kit
LOL, awesome clip. Also know that song in the background, good music taste man
I love that voiceline, it's hilarious.
Played some matches with Iso today, goddamn is he fun. In this clip i took damage from every one, but i was still full hp, its so good. Funnest agent by far.
Aaaaahh... wire
Yeah my point was adding another wall to the team comp, for the meme
Peaked plat 2 finished plat 1 placed in silver 1😎
Bro is literally kangkang
Idk why it doesn’t already have this. There’s nothing more annoying than queueing with a 3-stack or 2 duos on your team. A full solo Q would make people more obliged to comm/work together
Clone can't. The commenter is saying both TP AND clone should be recallable.
Take a break.
Absolutely 0. As much as I'd like skins I'm not committed enough to buy them and happy with picking up a random skin from another player every game 😬
I feel like having a replay system will show that Val has a lot of issues behind the scenes regarding hit reg. etc.
they do however in pro play on this map the execute is done instantly/ perfectly time, the cypher playing in this position would be cleared by breach after shock or some other util, lots of vods available online for this exact set up
The butterfly form thing looks very interesting
Probably packet loss or lag. You dying there anyway though even if it did pop.
Man I wish I had the same relationship with my siblings. I'm the youngest one by a large gap, my two brothers are 20 and 21 years older than me. I tried playing CSGO with one of them years ago and it didn't go well because he was afk for 90% of the game. Never played again. Never really got to play anything with any of them. 

They're also barely part of my life and we only talk like once in a blue moon
will never be added because seeing other people's skins causes people to buy skins themselves. riot would be throwing away money
Harbor walls now slow as much as sage Molly.

Iso gets orb everytime he damages an enemy.

Breach's ult turns people away from where it came from.
You will die and players will be dicks about it, similiar to Geeko
Reyna and Kayo are both wearing high heels


In combat.  


How does that even work
obviously a filler. someone in riot understood that most of the people wont spend 100$ on a new collection every few weeks, also making good bundles with vfx animations etc is harder and more expensive.
W mentality. Level doesnt really matter considering the games gives out a shit ton of xp for literally doing absolutely nothing so its natural that people who semi grind the game will be high levels. its an issue if you are genuinely trying and seeing no improvement but if your playing for fun who cares lmao
a neon could rack up a whole 65 kills
This polite exchange restores my faith in humanity
I honestly don’t mind it, new players really need those first 20 levels to understand the basic fundamentals of the game as well as what the agents even do, that them being in ranked would be a liability to others more than anything. I do get the frustration of having to get there if you do understand how this style of game like csgo, or already understand the agents due to watching YouTube of the game.
In general I've started having initiators take spike. Duelist shouldn't take it because they'll die with it in dumb spots, sentinel shouldn't take it because they need to setup, and controller shouldn't take it because of having to smoke. Initiator is the only role that doesn't have much util that's being used *after* you have site. Maybe my thinking is wrong but that's how I've been playing
When you re watch it or slow it down, you can see him clearly but viewing it for the first time I was so confused
It is loosely skill based. Usually most of the lobby is within a couple ranks of each other. You only see radiant players because the game can’t find anyone else to play dm with you. If this happens again, add more regions and q again
I genuinely do not believe this. Can you link your tracker + drop a VOD
My favourite is when I call my flash and exactly what I'm flashing and I still have dudes swinging then proceeding to scream at me for flahsing them
Pretty good, I like bullying my peasant friends now ( they are bronze 1 )
I don’t like the changes they made to any maps except Lotus. I miss Haven/Fracture/Pearl
Exactly my point
Honestly, for me, I would also remove Icebox and leave Pearl lol
Level just means playtime

You have a lot of players who just want to have fun

You have players who want to learn and thus improve 'faster'

You have players with cs background which translates quite well into valorant

You have talented players who either want to learn or not but up to a certain point are ahead of the curve regardless 

Playtime doesn't correlate with skill in any way (maybe a bit extremely formulated, if you consider basic game knowledge it matters in the beginning of course, but once everyone understand the basics of the game it is up to the personal involvement and obviously if you take 2 persons with exactly the same ambitions and capabilites the one with more playtime will come out on top)
Valorant's monetization tactics are the most scummy I have ever seen. The fact that you pay $89 for a bundle and need another premium currency to upgrade the weapons is incredibly stupid.
Of course it is like that when you're a low rank which happens in CS too. I had 400 hours but still Silver 1 in CS and people including myself would just push instead of waiting for them and the same goes for Valorant.
jesus christ man
Not entirely sure what I mumbled there lmao.
Probably just wants to play with someone lol
Felt this. Weekday queues from 11am to 3pm are a dream in comparison to queues from 9pm to midnight
map control isn't talked about enough in valo
Oh dude, valorant skins are extortionately expensive. That shit is not even funny. They charge that much because people will buy it and it's unnecessary to overall gameplay, but it's just greed.
Me watching my gekko Amazon prime the spike to the enemy for the fifth round in a row
He’s either very seriously detached from reality or this is a shitty troll post.
Art Van has some good deals, I wouldn’t trust Walmart poor quality. Pull out beds are heavy and not comfy don’t let them convince you it’s “practical”
Bc it’s bad placement for if you plan to attack the site and if ur the lurk ur standing full in the open while making sounds
There's a games person named Alanah Pearce and for awhile she took the harassment she got, found them on facebook, then sent their moms screenshots.

It was a pretty effective strategy on a case by case basis iirc. But yeah when people actually have some accountability they do seem to remember they're in a society. sometimes.
Yeah, even using ult is worth it if it makes you win the round.
That's the age range of a millennial, not a boomer
I have trouble falling asleep most nights thinking about how I've never experienced 5 gekko vs 5 gekko.
#RIOT PLEASE BEING BACK BE QUIET

playing slow ≠ being quiet :(
It really does.  If you bank kingdom coins you can’t use them to just get the agent, they hide it behind XP to get money from impatient people.  No skins with kingdom points because of course why would they be nice.  This game makes insane money and yet they never, ever want to give skins away.  Ever.  Not even in twitch prime have we gotten a skin
Because these people get off on ruining other peoples rank, forcing them to derank etc…their entire goal is to ruin other peoples days, sad really
you mean the 3 9 blessing ?
I had a buddy that instalocked Reyna and only bought Odin. Couple acts ago he made it to diamond 2 from gold. Actually really helped him rank up imo
Radianite exists because around twenty years ago there was an event called "First Light" in which a mineral named "radianite" was discovered- some people exposed to it developed powers and abilities, but the mineral also contained certain properties that wo-------------------------------------------

Oh, you mean the economy! Heh....heh... \*backs away awkwardly\*   
\*grumbles about doing too much research for my fic\*
Our Sage healed our 4hp teammate in a 2v1 situation. We lost the round and our teammate who got healed threw the rest of the game because they claimed they lost since the heal made too much noise
Also ascent A site
Iv been playing iso alot recently, and what I do is I'll watch your wall for a while, then I'll circle around the ult, going left so I'm past the walls before they go down, it gives me the buffer I need to aim bc I'm like bronze aim.
It was the official name in CS up until GO though, so it would be a bit on the nose.
Watching other people play them helps, and so does hopping straight into rank with that knowledge of what you seen.

Pro players are great to watch and learn from, and so are some content creators.

Lastly it's good to take mental notes and you're allowed let your team know that you're learning an agent.
Man just used the “its just a game” card on a LORE post.
There's just one thing you need to understand. 

Valorant matchmaking is absolute bullshit
Sounds like aiming in goldeneye on the n64
I love icebox (bring icebox back😭) fracture and pearl. Generally my favourite maps are most of the time not in the comp map pool. Ascent is growing on me but only because I had to learn it for premier. Also used to love breeze but the mid changed made me dislike it a bit
Everyone mentioning util is also forgetting that dying gives you an ult orb. Most of the time, it's better to just try to fight and gain ult orbs. Say the opponent is full on ults and you are not: you create a net positive in ult economy by going for the fight instead of saving.
People in other gaming subs only bring up Valorant when they want to mention the evil China corporation stealing your data, I literally don't remember talking about the actual game once.
Such headshot much wow
Prime Vandal. Reminded me of the old power ranger weapons esp with the animal.
spectator bug, stuff like this always happens lol
ardiis is that left corner right by switch in ascent a site. it was from when ardiis pulled off a clutch against prx champs 2022.

no idea what texture is
People being highly confused on where my camera is, they can hear it but can’t see it. They spin around wildly and keep pulling out my reveal darts just to be darted again.
I don't either, just throw it up somewhere high
Nah, Amir is such a banger name for him
Run and gun at low elo

Run and run at high elo

Run and gun

Run and gun is good
lol you're literally making it harder on your team every round by dying first. first blood is the most impactful kill of the round
Exactly, dudes a clown and was exposed, and now is scrambling to try and save his reputation
I KNEW IT! I knew there was a reason I kept thinking of Sombra when I heard Raze’s lines! Interesting with how just a change of register can sort of mask a VO. Good stuff!
I would buy a cool Vandal. Right know I have the glitch pop skin for over a year now
titanmail. jezus christ those skins are an eyesore I genuinely hate them
I would do nothing and not force him to play a game he doesnt enjoy
Schrödingers zeta division
yeah agreed
Is there aim assist?
The actual projectile coming down looks like a lil black hole probably some exotic physics type shit
The company who charges ~$22 a skin? Come on bro lmao
if ur a beginner it’s much better to get rlly good at one agent (one that is good for multiple maps tho such as cypher, brim, jett etc) and then eventually learning others as you get better and see what ur teammates do on those agents
I have been saying for months, more and more people are using pixel bots/trigger bots. But nah. . . Im just wrong.
I really hope so lmao. Worst feeling, especially when it's like a 1v1 and they don't know where you are
You heard the man
Do you think you will stick with this game for a while or nah? If yeah then go for it or if not then stay away from spending money. Either way overpriced skins 🤷‍♂️
How does it feel to quite literally be the most godly valorant player in existence thus far?
there’s a gekko line I cannot hear as anything other than “bing chilling radianite”
I think he was obviously referring to the fact that she took advantage of Omen losing his memory of her killing him to recruit him into her team.. She gonna regret keeping him close/not finishing him, I think that's what the comment you responded to meant..
Which agent is the mirrors one? I can't for the life of me think of who it could be
Directly into the most oppressive cypher setup.
still sad they removed vipers "Come." voice line lol
That's true but Gekko isn't really played a ton expect for the fact CRGS happens to be a gekko main. And harbor recieved buffs after release. 


She doesn't replace KJ and teams aren't gonna run 2 senti so I just don't see how it makes it into pro.
pre nerf was definitely Viper, she can dictate the whole pace of rounds and keep defenses honest and weary of a site even if no one is there with her smokes if played at a high level. nowadays i still think it's Viper but not as clear cut as before
Goes thru deadlock  walls and doesn’t make sound when going thru cypher cages
Dawg, The game has magical dragons.
the "visual clutter" reasoning feels kinda moot to me. 

You literally have a massive ass medal that comes up entirely animated whenever you get a kill and where we draw the line is a tiny 8 letter word that almost nobody really knows is there? 

I personally don't care with or without it but removing it seemed entirely pointless.
This is what console val looks like when you‘ve literally just downloaded the game and hopped in a random match. Watch the radiant guys on YT. Whole different story.
Peak iron gameplay right here
Astra power lore wise: Near godly 

Astra power gameplay wise: Oh yeah, she's an agent
A solid, perfect bhop around your site before round starts
Always love that ‘eye contact of shame’ when you’re both reloading and just staring at each other after missing every bullet
Hard to make a highlight reel of saving guns.
When I transitioned from Viper to Harbor as my go-to smoke (Developed better mechanical skill, Viper nerfs, need to set tempo in the otherwise reactive low elo), I realised that I was pretty much playing a slower Jett (Vision denial via smokes to clear angles, using Util to forcefully take space).

Although I might start picking up Clove soon, because in certain maps single Controller Clove > single Controller Harbor.
The issue is these people are peaking high literally last season and are doing it on 4 accounts lol. 
There's no reason someone who was plat 3 two months ago should be matched w a bronze 3 player because "they took a 6 week  break".
No no, maybe they might even start shooting through walls and that would really be crazy
Experiencing Jett-Lag
i mean, my ex gf was iron 1 and played viper. zero util, got harassed every game. almost never got a kill. shift walked everywhere. but she just kept hitting search man.

she appreciated that i never tried to coach her and micro manage her.

I recommend yall just play the game and you shouldnt really say anything to her unless she asks for input/advice.

ofc u should encourage her when she gets a frag and stuff. try not to be critical as if one of ur homies was playing with you.
Its an adapted variation of "Zonic's Law" which was the 11-4 half curse in CSGO. 9-3 is the most comparable scoreline in an MR12 format
Unfortunately I don’t think riot looks at reddit for advice
Bayonet is a yes

Finisher is a yes

Actual skin design is a no
I just play swift plays, no stress, just relaxed fun with some friends.
Kinda agree I found the art alot more charming when it wasn't obvious horny bait.
This game is a competitive tactical shooter and unlike something like Call of Duty, weapons are designed to be better than others based on their price. This is why the economy is so important in this game.

Unfortunately it's not optimal to be like "I enjoy the Spectre so I'll buy it every time instead of a Vandal/Phantom". That's basically making the game harder for you since the Spectre is factually a worse weapon compared to the Vandal. 

There's a reason eco rounds (rounds where you have bad guns) are often lost since the enemy simply has better weapons. It's like trying to win a drag race against a Ferrari while you're riding your bicycle.

If you play for fun then go ahead and play how you want, but if you actually want to win and improve at the game you have to follow the meta (which is buying a Vandal or Phantom if you can). I'd also like to note that if you play ranked and play this way, your teammates might consider it as trolling.
WHAT
I believe yay purposefully left it unupgraded. I've only played on esports client online, never in a Lan environment, but it's to my understanding that the pros are given time before the cameras start rolling to prepare all the skins they want.
Even though I only play PC and intend to only play PC, I’m stoked of the good feedback I’ve been reading for console beta. Should really grow the community/pie longterm.
I didnt, that's good to know actually
Shots 1-5: Clearly missed.

Shots 6-9: Missed due to recoil (bad spray control).

Shots 10-11: Very close, but recoil and inaccuracy make these reasonable misses.
Wingman doesn’t have a gun
sova (i am cypher main)
Getting an ace hypes up the entire team and demoralizes the enemy. I think it's a good strat to win the game mentally.
that's infuriating
This, that's an easy tell of someone's rank lol
nice a bit more aggressive and playmaking sentinel agent. also cool design
Yeah this is 100% the correct answer. I hate seeing her picked because I know we’re about to have a ton of wasted util. Requires way too much team play to make viable at anything short of mid ascendant
There’s SO much going on in so little time, I don’t know where to start…
Yooo, I'm in dogshit 1
The game is too young to crown a goat. 

The most dominant a player has ever been at a single tourney was TenZ at the first masters, and the most dominant a player has ever been in a season was yay in 2022.
small dots def help with being precise although spraying with dot crossheir could be challenging at first
Definitely whatever agent I'm playing at the moment, and the easiest is whatever agent just killed me
Oh no wonder i only lost 20 rr when i was middle fragging agaisnt silvers 5-13
I guess Breeze is usually the most hated. I don't mind Icebox, actually kinda liked it, but I absolutely prefer Haven or Pearl.
Their accent isn’t anything like the Glaswegian accent tbh. The bigger issue is that they’re apparently from Edinburgh. They don’t sound anything like that either.
what those blud do on mid lol, running around XD
at the end of the session i hit my keyboard and turned my pc off and cried in bed

started asc 2 50rr 

peaked asc3 90-99rr 4 times

ended asc 3 2rr

tragic day
they do knockback

they just dont knockback if enemy shoots it otherwise it acts as the normal satchel
1 enemy die

Ult

Team sucks so hard that no one kills a single spotted enemy

Enemy sucks so hard that 3 people gets killed by a Cypher with relatively known locations

Team sucks so hard that the Cypher has to go in and plant

Team sucks so hard that after all that, the score is so bad that Cypher has to ult to find the last enemy

Seems like my lobby alright
Precisely zero
Once I just kept responding as if they were talking to me, calling then baby and sweety etc. The (probably 16) girl was laughing her ass off and the dude trying to harass her actually gave up in the face of the laughter.
Replace breeze and icebox with haven and pearl and it’d be perfect 😭
Riot games making the best knife in the game exclysive only to China.. smh
honestly I think that was me because I just went 5-18
I can't believe how many wrong answers there are. Yes, it is silent if you hold shift. No, it's not silent if you don't hold shift. The travel sound isn't that loud, so it mostly can't be heard from anywhere else than ct spawn, but the dismount and mount sounds can be heard from farther.
Oh shit I wiffed my syringe mb
Teammates spectating be like: "you saw him in quadrant 4"
# B U C K Y

I'm not a shotgun connoisseur, but it just feels really bad with the fire rate. If I'm not getting the kill on the first shot, I'm almost certainly dead, whereas the shorty and judge can quickly fire off the second shot to confirm the kill. (I know it's all about setting yourself up in the right spot to play to the gun's strength, but I just stay away from the Bucky). 

It already has some good skins (prime, ion, oni, overdrive, g.u.n., gaia's come to mind), and I just don't like the gun.
As someone who plays both CS and VAL, while Valorant is overwhelming with its abilities, CS is arguably a worse experience for new players, including its matchmaking.
Hijacking top comment for a bit of context - this equip timing for Neon's slide is much closer to the older PC tuning of Neon before the 8.11 balance changes. Currently, Console is using this older tuning of the equip timing, but we'll be shipping a slide equip timing much closer to PC's 8.11 timing on Console in patch 9.01.

This is just a little side effect of how we cut builds and some beta-phase polish. So, it's a known differentiation between the platforms that we'll be fixing soon. Hang tight!
the user who posted this is trolling
Think it is still there but there is also a bug in which heavy armor does not work properly as hitpoints and you still end up dying to 100 damage.
I mean that’s true but I imagine alot of pros start out just like her, a natural talent with a drive to become pro.
yes but even if Jett doesn't have money, it's usually better for the Jett to have to OP.

but yes Jett should at least buy something, like a Bulldog.

Also you can always ask the Jett "I want to use it, is it OK?" and unless he's a jackass he'll usually say "sure".
Very unusual. But if it works for you, why not.
Man fuck your team mates lol.
thanks bro, i solo q mostly from bronze to imm3 but needed teammates to get to radiant
I enjoyed his content at first and thought it was all just sarcasm and blunt humour, but now I’m not sure if it’s still that or if he’s using humour as an excuse to say shitty things. Weird vibes from him but I haven’t watched him in a while so idk
And also destabilises his enemies with the flipside of the coin!
Lmao that's actually so badass on her part 
yep, as long as everyone is using their main account then its fine.
You can't hear picking up guns only dropping existing guns
Map pool won’t change until June
how can they even meet expectations? there’s agents that cover basically every avenue, even if it’s something new it’ll still fall into one of the categories, so a large majority of players just won’t care for them. clove kinda had something going on with a jack of all trades but with their primary being smokes it’s not exactly as versatile as it could be. but if they were to make agent 8 the same as clove but tweaked a bit, they’d just be called a clove clone
Clearly some fake lag switch, you see the packet loss going to 100% in sync with the sound

Another suspicious factor is the presence of the packet loss alone without the other usuals that people add when they have packet loss.

OP is using external tools to gain an unfair competitive advantage, I hope he gets banned.
Bruv. 🥲
By far the worst battlepass I've ever seen, bottom of the barrel content.
Hell yeah it is. It’s basically classic battlefield. The role playing and shit talking is fun as hell as well. Feels very 2012, brings back good memories.
The new player experience can be pretty awful, no doubt there. There is a great game to be enjoyed on the other side of it if it's worth it for you to put in the time. Best of luck!
Maxbot is real
Crouching is the most common way to break crosshair placement. That being said, in bronze they probably are just crouching every time they see an enemy so like...... 🤷‍♀️

That being said, if your crosshair placement was perfect, or even at a somewhat high level, they should barely see you before they die, much less have time to crouch spray. And even if they did, all you need to do is take 2 steps left or right and then 1 tap them while they play CoD.
mr lowlander, my beautiful fish.
I think you're supposed to grind Kingdom Points now and use them to buy the agents.
Everyone has a bad game now and then. I always drop *unless* they troll on purpose or are extremely toxic.
You didn't understand the comment lol.
On paper sunset is fine it's just really weird
Actually doesn't work on mousewheel jump
yes it just calculates a direct arc to a location, no terrain taken into account
Your first sentence answers this question. It’s a massive map compared to everything else and if you aren’t a good rifler you get stomped hard.
I'm only close with her since she's the only girl in the family (got 2 brothers) and basically raised her, got her into sports, art and gaming. Find something in common if you can with them, CSGO is not an easy game to get into and it's challenging. For us it started with some fun co-op games, only introduced her to competitive games like Rocket League and LoL 2 years ago.
Was about to point out the same, he's playing Cypher against people with ~500RR more than him and he still got 5 first bloods. Gotta congratulate him on that!
Yeah right
Nobody is stopping you from making that your default push. Be an individual.
Alright people, let's full rush B
i dont hv any skins except current battlepass and yet there will be ppl dropping me their skinless spectres
32,000 score... Imagine the RR you'd get if you wont that game
- Custom servers (won’t happen)

- A rework of the reward system for ranked (could happen, probably not)

- Replay system (I know you said excluding, but I think it is that important)

- A new mode. I think premier is very good, but imo there needs to be a mode that requires more commitment than ranked, but less than premier.
Reyna is horrible on all maps if you're not feeling it. If you're feeling it then she's great on all maps.
I have 2 accounts, one s3 and one d3 (i started both accounts at the same time). The amount of absolute losers i face on the s3 account is crazy. I would go as far as to say that on the d3 account i face 10x less toxicity. As a player who started playing in the very first episode, and has been climbing slowly ever since, i can guarantee that in the higher ranks people are much more sensible and nice. Though yeah there are a few toxic piece of shits here and there.
Happens
Zellsis catching strays over here
Does omen still pick up the spike by ulting on it without pressing interact button? Do i need to mash the pickup key to make sure i don't get shot out of ult before getting it?
I’m so glad to hear that! Lmk what you think once you see it in-game. I feel like this one has so many layers to it that you’ll notice!
I don’t think increasing radius of his knife is necessarily a buff. its an informational tool as much as if as a utility-disabler, and the smaller the radius the more valuable the information.
Nice play but really you got lucky that enemy team decides to full push mid when they were 5v2.
Because I’m a girl and I’ve been completely deterred from ever using my mic. Just too much sexual harassment/misogyny/racism . Why make yourself suffer?
Are you kidding, that's literally the secret to a happy life. Learning to mute people who never learned to mute themselves is an essential life skill.
Can a man not use his overdrive Bucky in peace😔😔😔
I mean if both players are equally skilled then ISO goes out of the fight as the winner
Hm idk about it, but last year there was a glitch where you wouldn’t get flashed if you had “Hide User Interface in Game” on. Haven’t been playing a lot of Valorant recently, so I don’t know if there is still a button for that, but you could check
Ye no offense but console ranked is fucked

You can get placed ascendant on your first ever placement and i think there only was a 50rr difference between imm3 and radiant
Your win rate is about 60% this act. Your average kills per round is 0.9 which is pretty good. Honestly you should be ranking up.
We need a replay system for the moments like this
Somehow this is flying over everyone’s head haha. Announcer literally says “more of that please” at the end
Biggus Dickus
>reasons I main gekko as my initiator on most maps
Jett, cypher, omen (except for breeze), and skye
His team was very very bad but the phoenix was way too good I thought he was using cheats
Honestly, i always interpreted the "rule the world together" line as either a self diss or acknowledgment of them not beeing evil.

Its like: "were so stupidly powerfull, how come we dont rule the world yet?" With a slight hint of sarcastically blaming the other one for it.
I remember some older games used to be like this and it was perfect. Just enough to be able to shoot with sticks and not be too much that the game does the aiming for you. Now days AA is just too strong.
The second shot is completely accurate to my understanding. They could increase the time between shots to help with this if it winds up being a problem
I'm pretty sure he keeps his twitch in sub-only EMOTE-only. The way you appear in "chat" is through his discord server.
only 4 things should be called out during clutch
1. bullets if low
2. time left if low
3. enemy last location
4. enemy hp
Why not just use the mouse left handed
Because it can potentially mean a stolen credit card, charge back, lose the account, or that someone has accessed your account
Could've saved lol . They are winning already ! Nice ace
Good point. We’ve been so focused on his trips, but you can actually use his ult the second you get it and it won’t get wasted. Even if you reveal the last guy, you’ll get your ult back in a couple rounds.
His slow is already powerful imo i could feel its affect in its current form. Sage level slow would make it impossible for players to get through. In addition to slow you have to get through a wall, behind that could be anything and you have to react fast. Its like looking at something close and suddenly looking far. 

He’s someone who is more powerful in pro play than ranked, but he’s not that weak. Cascade is strong in gaining space, he can wall better than viper because of it being malleable to the user’s content. And cove for safe plant/defuse. Ult for taking space/info/make enemies move. The fact that it slows you and your team is what i say should be removed but idk how that changes will impact on both pro and ranked. I would say he is pretty balanced and im not sure how much more you can buff him without making him broken.
Copy a pro playstyle, watch streams
ISO’s shield isn’t disabled by suppressing effects because his ult suppresses both people inside so that would mean his shield would break every time he ulted.
A someone who didn't play CS before Val, when I hear T spawn my dumb brain will make me look at CT
Jett and Chamber were former immortals.. Lmfao
Love the finisher but kind of reminds me of Prelude to Chaos bundle wise. Kinda wish we got new animations and sounds.
Why is it that when I try this the walls go down instantly and I’m still a mile away from Iso
I remember Raze passive was no fall damage from her satchels.
they are doing the no aim no brain training. just play the game mindlessly and wonder why there’s no improvement a month later
yeah insta smokes can be annoying sometimes but it's definitely better than not smoking/smoking badly.
well usually people say they're 1hp when they only need one bullet in the body to kill with whatever weapon their teammate is using
He means the kayo got iso ulted and died in there i was the iso who ulted him
It looks great uhhh... Can you stop holding long?
Why would you ever except a friend request.  Also all ranks solo queue is dog shit.
prime, kuronami, evori dreamwings (i like the sound + glow on that one)
you'd be surprised at how many people look like they're trying to miss
Depends on what rank the enemy was. How much impact they made, how their past 5-10 games were (if all losses, the game makes you lose more rr of course)

This screenshot & explanation is so focused on just these 2 games, it doesn’t actually tell their situation
As you progress in rank you will find that being able to adapt to your team mates is an underestimated skill. If you have team mates which are very loose and aggressive, play to their strengths, if you have team mates which are analytical and methodical in their play style (slow default-y), play with them as well. Your whole team should ideally be on the same page.

Source: trust me bro (immortal 8 acts in a row)
Honestly I cannot pick between those three. I rotate between literally those three these days (occasionally with Oni and Champions 2023 as well).
Also the toxicity is INSANE. I’ve noticed the lower rank the more chill. Iron players never got mad whenever we lost or anything
Twin dragons on an elderflame outlaw would go hard
You wall banged air , forgot that atmosphere exists ?
> these "content creators" don't realize how much it affects the gameplay and experience just so they can have their 12 min video and get free content off of us??

Oh they are well aware, they just don't give a shit. All that matters to them is content
It's fine. I think it needs to do 126 body (light shield +1 like how Marshal does 101 body).
Literally lmao. There are plenty throwers who are using vandals.
Perhaps agent 8 is a timerelated agent. 
And they want to bring him with the replay system. But they can't get the replays right so he gets delayed every time! 😅
Because I'm a girl. I only do it if absolutely necessary. Since, in most cases, if I open my mic, I either get trashtalked, get called boosted, flirted with and etc

the list goes on

it's horrible
All the agents are instantly unlocked if you have XBox Gamepass.
I think it's either Killjoy or Cypher whenever I play them I buy full util and there are higher chances that I am using all the util in the single round.
The ones i pick up off of my enemies corpses
Ah yes, the entry initiator and the duelist sentinel. Been there
Reaver phantom. Everything else in the bundle it came in, I rock often, especially the karambit. But the phantom just sounds so wrong. Each shot feels like the rattling of a mostly hollow metal can, and I hate it. Throws me off every time.
Most people get stuck in silver and gold so ya asc is a huge achievement. Most people literally can't make it there if they tried. Just because the top 3% or w/e make it seem super easy doesn't mean much
I played against one today lol
the dunning-kruger effect
JohnQT has been an insane game changer for sentinels. I know zellsis is also helping with the mental and hype the guys up and positive energy! But John has been sleeping since tier 2. 

Saadhak has the consistency and mental to bring his team back from losses and keep them in deep tournaments runs pretty often. It's impressive how consistently good loud are. 


My bias says JohnQT though. We'll see this weekend
There isn't anything which could be used as a way to play the game for fun. Mode which comes closest is now escalation but it also gets tiring and repetitive after a while. It might seem randomised at the start but then you realise, it's not. It doesn't even have all the ult weapon and stuff for game. 

Why don't we have Annihilation, Tour de force, mosh pit, chamber's handgun, jett's knives, neon's ult etc. in the escalation? It seems like a wasted opportunity.
No, there were alot of mistakes, but its all great
I think the closest i got to enjoying that map was when they removed the hall up top. Played deadlock this update and i couldnt use my wall anywhere outside of halls
Least aware deadlock main
In the even that we win pistol round, the other team looks terrible, and my Phoenix is likely to come back (its almost always a fucking phoenix), let me play.

This is why I think 3 votes is good. Give lax majority rule but give my vote meaning.
Time doesn’t necessarily move in the canon when time moves irl, think about it like how a movie series can continue exactly where it left off while having 1-2 years in between movie production
Coming from League, every patch in Valorant feels like nothing, but this is an entirely new low.
Definitly could win if he didn't fail his jump so miserably, he could also absorb few molly tics while defusing
They actually did a decent job. Good one risotto games👍
If I play viper and chamber starts that voice line, I just spam “yes” “yes” “yes” because chamber can get it
there’s a reason people in bronze are bronze
man, how did you get to asc like that? 

Rs, stop spraying, tap like 1-3 shots, strafe with that adadadadad shit and throw some crouches in. 

Youll be gucci.
You're very right for not wanting to smurf.
when all 4 teammates have mics and actually communicate
Hardware is also kind of a big factor for people just barely scraping by on minimum requirements and a mediocre internet connection.

In a hyper competitive game like valorant, where a split second can mean the difference between life or death and consequently victory or defeat, hardware that is on the low end will absolutely contribute to performance.

I've watched it happen multiple times across numerous different games, where a friend will be hard stuck in low elo for months or years, get a new PC and suddenly shoot up through the ranks immediately after. They're not suddenly playing with higher skill, they're just not playing with a handicap anymore.
Youre in silver. Watching vods is really overcomplicating things. It’s completely okay to just take a break too. You’ve said yourself that you played more than ever and you’re discouraged. 

For me that sounds like a break wouldn’t do any harm. Are you having fun? If not play something else, have some fun, get back to valo when you feel like it.
Im ngl with you all of yall saying icebox are probably duelist mains. Viper is so fun on icebox
What if my aim is so bad I miss my run and guns, I whiff shotguns, I even whiff ok my jett dash and dash into my teammate or outside my smoke
Or sova, or clove 💀 - whatever drugs OP is on I NEED them
Guys we found the run-n-gunner
Everyone gangster till star guardian lux whips out the stick
End of match, out of mind.

Better yet, end of round, out of mind.

Why carry that baggage more than you need to? It's just a game, and 99.9% of us aren't pros. No reason to take it seriously. It's a game. Just a game. It's meant to be fun. 

Even if this was your professional job, nobody expects perfectly 100% of the time.
> Vipers Molly is meant for you to swing off it and take advantage of the vulnerable effect.

Doesn't that apply to a post plant situation as well?
it’s bad because you are stuck in one spot making yourself an easy target to shoot/trade, it’s fine if you know you’re in a 1v1 and or you’re jett/reyna and can get away. everyone does it in your lobbies because it’s a common habit and y’all are silver
And if they feel cool. Playing as some agents really kills the vibe for me and my confidence takes a hit. The human brain is stupid lol
Yo thats a good one! I can tell my team that "I choose pikachu!"
Yeah

Teammates were being dicks
4th time in 2 days is crazy when I’ve literally never gotten it and have about a thousand hours
I like this idea, but no shot they ever implement this.
Same with me, and he keeps doing it! Almost everyday!
I’d assume it’s a skill the new agent has?
Really? Can't say I've noticed it at least it didn't seem to have as much recoil when compared to the first time I used a stinger
bro is a reload hound.
Just play deadlock never have to worry about instalockers
\+1 he played very poorly he had the time to rotate c aswell..
I legit have 5% on breeze i hate it
Maybe but Phoenix has so much swagger, I like to imagine he has a nice collection of cologne. 
I'm Asc3 rn and I don't do warmup or practice. The biggest things for me is:

* watching tons of VCT over the years has been "practice" of a certain type
* I personally don't believe "warmup" makes much sense in such a slow-paced largely mental game, I see no benefit doing things besides competitive to get better
* You do need to be able to aim though so if you don't have your ideal sensitivity and feel dialed in this will be harder
So I can heal myself when I'm at 70 hp and watch as I go to 100. Pretty satisfying.
just played them too. all 150+ ping with a weird ass comp, but so much better
I think it's just a misunderstanding of where people are coming from when they say this. It's not to diminish the skills of players in lower ranks, it's to point out that there is a fundamental difference in how the game flows past a certain elo. I could argue that from iron to low ascendant, most rounds are complete chaos. People using whatever abilities they want and trying to outaim the other team. Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose.   


Past that rank, as you climb from high asc to radiant, the game takes on a different shape. Everyone does "their job" on their agent, and the focus shifts from tapping heads to trying to work together as a team, coordinate utility, and condition the enemy.   


The key difference that most high elo players will notice (And why I think this whole disconnect around the definition comes from) is the concept of gaps. An example: If you're playing in split vents on defense and someone wraps you from A heaven while your A player is still alive, that means someone didn't do their job and you died for it. Past a certain rank, this doesn't happen, or happens very very rarely. 

And when higher elo player play in lower ranked games or watch lower ranked games, they notice these gaps appearing everywhere. People simply don't do  "their job", which is totally understandable at that skill level, but it becomes a fundamentally different game. You need to focus on everything. Instead of worrying about timing your rotation and counting utility, you need to be afraid if 3 enemies walked past your teammates with no comms. 

This leads to ranked games being split into 2 distinct categories: Games where people do "their jobs" at a baseline level, and games where people do not. You need to identify which game you're in and adjust your play accordingly. This cutoff usually tends to happen around mid-high ascendant, which is what leads to many players above that rank calling anything lower  "low elo". It's not a condemnation of player skill, it's simply a different game and people picked "low elo" as a term to define it.
nah. if you can buy yourself easily and they cant you should probably be buying yourself and dropping the op for them.
don't forgot those people who act as if diamond is "low rank"
i really like singularity. it looks nice, it sounds nice, and the finisher is nice too. surprised i haven’t seen it more in the comments.
“Yo I just hit the sickest fake clone yesterday, I got behind them all”
“That’s sick”
“Nice”
I have been waiting since December 2023 (started in September) for the reaver karambit to be in my shop , after 7 months of waiting they dropped a new karambit which has an equal amount of satisfying animation. I am in a dilemma if I should stick to my grind of hoping for it to be in my store, or settle for the adhd knife .
gekko threw so hard
At least I now know how former Dias end up in my silver lobbies XD. I even had Ascendant gun buddies with accounts that are currently bronze. This also explains why matchmaking is f@&?!ed up so often. 

However, to downrank fast the discord5stacksurrender solution might be best.
i don't know who you watch but i watch shanks tarik s0m and subroza and they all funny
I think he's gonna be pretty bad outside of niche conditions. he can't burst entry like jett and raze do.
Happiest man in Birmingham
How tf can you be so calm and do this, this guy is a beast.
"it has precise gunplay"  


Riot, probably
she makes more money than me ;-;
This is such a good answer. The matchmaking is giving you chances to rank up quickly because you have outperformed your peers.
yes the mag gets fully recovered.
How to get banned from any riot event 101
The idea of individual economy in this game shouldn’t really exist from a winning-focused perspective. Realistically, a team will do its best when the players coordinate their credits to execute whatever was decided on (full save, half buy, full buy, whatever you want) so those credits aren’t necessarily “yours.” I’m not blaming you at all because you asked them to buy you when they could, and they didn’t. But going forward, I would just play your own game, buy teammates when you can, request when you’re broke if your team is buying, and just keep grinding. You’ll come across shitty people from time to time who view their own credits as theirs and the rest of the team’s credits as communal, but most players won’t dog on you for just asking for a buy. Sounds like you queued with some weirdos.
Nobody listens to comms in low elo (My experience in SEA servers). Had to hit Plat 2 for some good games with comms
Yoru’s: That’s it, keep going!
Kuronami or zerofang, even though neither will come in my shop so I can buy them Lmaoo
If you don't know at least a handful of satchels for entry, you're a bad raze. I would chalk this up to luck. It's quite possible you are just taking more fights than you would before. Also, if you aren't actively working with your team as smokes and especially initiator, then you were holding your team back. 

It could be so many things. Just enjoy the wins.
Do you really have to ask why people would find a radiant playing in lower ranked lobbies with knife only annoying? In a tac shooter?
You need professional help bro. Talk to your parents. You're not solving this on your own.
It's considered a dick move to steal an ace, especially in casual modes where people play for fun and not tryhard with the most optimized plays. But yelling at someone for that is a massive overreaction, also some people just do that on purpose to get such reaction, so why give them the pleasure?
I played a game with prankmaster69. He was a father of 3 children who were crying in the background and was like 50 years old with the most shitty microphone I ever heard. Although he was giving comms and played really well. I met him in a diamond lobby. I hope he will be immortal one day.
It sure doesn't look like any shots are coming through the smoke to me lol
The moral of the story is, if someone is toxic, mute that player.
Go for a walk.
He’s just mad you didn’t obey his commands. 

Some people will throw the whole game if you hurt their ego
Games will intentionally allow cheaters to stick around for a while before doing waves of bans to make it harder for the cheaters to figure out what is being detected and adjust their tactics
Kuronami
The word cringe is overused, but a warmup mode having lineups feels like the appropriate place.
And trying out new agents with which they're bad, so that means they do stupid stuff to try the agent out
If anyone wants an answer as to why, the devs have temporarily disabled some of the skins upgrades due to a bug with seeing enemies through walls. Here is the link to the tweet announcing this temporary change: https://x.com/valorant/status/1786098435017564296?s=46&t=X3P56ewOxg_3siz_NWq8WA
Gekko till I die.
I’d say Breach and Brim would be the tallest (they give this vibe of being huge men), while Kay/0 would be pretty tall (I guess as a machine, they can make him as tall as they want).

As for shortest, Neon seems like she’s pretty short since she’s like what, 19? And southeast Asians tend to be shorter on average. Gekko, also being a kid, I’d imagine isn’t super tall either.
I want to see the cool blade
Yeah you get insta banned for that apparently
probably involuntary mouse scroll.
Blub blub
CT = Counter Terrorist (Defenders),  T = Terrorist (Attackers), terms came from cs
time to edit 3
Improving deathmatches never seemed at the top of the list
Or what if riot just got rid of breeze
It’s ok I downvoted him on your behalf
Darkest dungeon is my favorite game, I haven't looked at the skin yet but you got me excited
Perhaps the best new mode they've ever added. Is it already known if it will be available "forever"?
Basically Riot is knows what they are doing.
Loading screen instructions be like-
I recorded the game when I first heard that line. I couldn't believe he'd make such a blatantly mean comment and laughed my ass off.
Does Gekko get any feedback that the enemy is dizzy? (Like Killjoy ult)
Not really, most of the time it doesn't make a difference with heals unless you have bad guns, literally 90% of the time kayo doesn't get res from team, sage gives info if you remember where you got kills, most the time clove can just be followed or play safe and don't let them find a kill
I don't mind rotating shops, even though I'd prefer to buy it whenever, but I wish it was more than just 4 options every day. It seems like such a waste of time when you just want 1 or 2 skins and the game keeps popping up with Ion Ares and other skins I don't care about. At least with Fortnite, while there is a rotation, it has many skin options on both a daily and weekly rotation and I can guarantee that game makes a lot more money than Valorant.
Go see a physio. Tendinitis isn’t permanent, but it can take a while to go away and generally requires you to rest and rehab it. 

I feel like you would notice tendinitis before your performance started dropping off though, the main symptom associated with is pain in the affected area.
Damn you play anything and everything, huh...
ik its gonna sound cope but positioning is huge
Pls don't shoot anyone irl
So you're saying that you think you're better than your opponents, but you also say you can't hit your shots but they can? To me it sounds like they are just mechanically better than you.
Miss the last kill and then Brim goes on a reverse ace
Kuronami 100% when someone drops me it i one tap every enemy i see
Omg. Maybe I'll start playing Phoenix to hear all these.
Amen! If League has it, Valorant should too. Then we can finally have accurate rankings instead of boosted immortals.
bro has the minecraft crosshair
Damn they fucked up the code really badly I guess. My guess is that it has something to do with the next markets that will be introduced in the game after the next episode but are not yet active.
You are using a very poor example here, eggwick uses custom games, he isn't putting an immortal in an actual silver lobby
Mine is people countercalling last second in preround. Like, we had 30 seconds, one of us called a play and then with 3 seconds left of preround some guy is like 'Actually, let's rush B instead!'. Like, dude, you had the entirety of setup to say something and instead you wait for the round to start? Fuck that shit.
All my omen mains, stand up!
Sova dart trampoline and self drone boost.
Have you compared your trackers?
Bro every time I pop my ult as kayo i instantly die?
medium bronze or low silver
Unfortunately, I only coach people in person. I'm playing since CS 1.0... Yeah, a long time actually. I've been semi pro in cs 1.5 & 1.6. Then I just played alone or with some friends that I made along on the journey.

Currently ranked in immo 3, never went below Immortal 2 since beta and I mostly SoloQ.

&#x200B;

**I can give you some free tips here:**

\- Never skip warm up, it's essential to be up and running before a ranked match. I would recommend hard bots and deathmatch for this. I do not use aimlab. Sometimes I see people hitting 20-25 hard bots but in DM they are not finishing in the top 3 or even top 5.

\- Make sure to check out a crosshair placement video on YT, there are tons of it. Then, hop on to a custom match on any map and just wonder around while you are focusing your crosshair always in headshot level.

\- Stop crouch spraying, it worked in CS, it's hard to master in Val. It's very useful for close encounters but when I see people losing 1v1 fights in Immortal due to crouch spraying for a far away target, I get sad.

\- Make sure, you have an adeqaute chair height. Not too low and not too high, this is essential for your arm movement and avoid fatigue. I don't care about what mouse you use as long you don't death grip it and it's not comfortable for you personally. You have to avoid fatigue and the best mouse and sitting position is key for that. I could have switch to some mice that I know is not comfortable for me enough and I would end up with my hand hurting after a day. For example, I have a large hand and a viper mini would destroy my hand.

\- Mouse sens is personal, you can see that some pros use very low sens or mid even very high senses like f0rsaken, something, nAts. You have to see what weight is your mouse and what mousepad you use. If your mouse is kind of light weight, you could still use nAts's sens or even f0rsaken's / something's. The issue here is that if you use a very fast mousepad like a hyped up Artisan Hayate Otsu or something, it will have very low stopping power and therefore you would be forced to have a slower sens to be able to stop the mouse properly. You can check out some other people's edpi/dpi/mouse sense/tech on valorant pro settings site. In the beginning, it's fine if you just experiment with your mouse sens. A good experiment would be this. Grab a word document or a piece of paper and pencil. Document your current sens and head to shoot medium / hard bots. See which sens you scored the highest and stick with it. Changing your mouse and mousepad will end in changing your sens as well. One day you would use a fast mousepad with a given mouse shape and then the next day you buy a slow mousepad and you would have to change your sens a little bit to your liking.

\- Game sens is crucial, you can learn this by watching other high ranked / professional players on their twitch streams, I would highly recommend the following players to watch out for nAts, demon1, derke, f0rsaken, Jingg, Horcus, Aspaz, Alfajer, Jamppiii and Grimm. Watching professional VCT matches are great too, you can see what setups they use for like KJ or Cypher, Viper and so on.

\- Pick your agents well. There's always a meta out there and they are ranked in tiers. You can google "valorant agents tier list" and head to Mobalytics to check out the high tier agents. Sometimes one agent has greater advantage to others, then the meta changes and you would want to switch up. Also, certain agents are better on certain maps. There are easy to play agents and hard to master agents. I would try to master 1-2 controllers, 1-2 sentinels and 1-2 initiators, 1-2 duelists. So you can have options to choose from and you can fall back in the lobby. There's going to be a learning curve for it, so take it easy. Professional players are always play the agents that are in favor.

\- Having a good aim doesn't matter that much if you can't think straight ahead or you don't have a good game sens / setups with your agents. Perfect example is to bring up is Grimm, although he truly has an insane aim, his unpredictable sage walls can be a quite big advantage. Also, always try to read the enemy's thinking, some of them are very hard to predict and that's when it gets hard.

\- Make sure to use your communication channel to your advantage, but never to your disadvantage. You don't want to criticize other people in the game. It hugely affects the outcome of your match. If you are going to be toxic, they will play worse, they won't care and at worst, they will just troll the game or go afk for the rest of the game. Be humble and respectful.

\- Make sure to practice, practice, practice. If you want to improve and let's say you have a bad match because someone was just toxic and at worst they cursed on you and on your family, your mother... You have two choices, call it a day because stress will hinder with your performance. Or... You decide that you CANNOT get distracted. It's just noise, it's all that is. You have to block that noise out and keep giving your best performance. Who knows, maybe after a pretty bad match with a toxic player or players, you will end up having your best match in the next game.

\- I leave this for last. Having a good PC matters. I've seen Immortal players with 70-120 FPS who just cannot have the best performance they have. Let's say you are in a viper ult or something like that which can take away a lot of FPS. You can have stutters because you may have not a good PC. I've seen laptop users trying their best with a 7300 HQ CPU and a GTX 1060 6GB. It's hard.. When they've built or bought a PC with a better CPU and an adeqaute GPU, it changed things for the better. CPU is the most important in the game, GPU... Not so much, but I wouldn't play with a 1050 Ti so to speak. Even with a 5800x and a 1050 Ti you will end up having lower frames than with a 5800x and RTX 2060 or 2060 Super. If money is a problem, buy a second hand PC with at least a ryzen 5000 series cpu like a 5600x and a 2060 / 2060 super. That's going to be more than enough and reliable for competitive games, even in high ranks against professionals / very good players.

**Good luck & have fun.**
Nah, u crazy. Smurfs don't exist. Santa Claus is real. Boogeyman does visit me.
Hey guys, just as a heads up, I'm Sheriff only, not trying to troll u guys, and I'll drop you guys guns.
Wait I heard this the other day as well, but in English. I wonder if it must’ve been that bug. That’s funny af
I know you're partially joking, but can we please drop promoting this attitude? It normalizes the toxic behavior. Please report the toxic players. There are so many more non-toxic players and so many players that no-comm because of their past experiences with horrible treatment by the lower % of toxic players that if we all reported these jerks (and Riot acts on these reports) these lobbies will be better for everyone that remains. Thank you for coming to my TED talk. Again, not a jab at you, just attaching my PSA to the highest-upvoted comment.
Pulled up the fucking receipts lmfao
Gekko has his Pokémon crew hyping him up so he doesn't miss shots. /s

PRX Something is just a beast with the OP.
That’s actually disgusting
Lara Croft, Tomb Raider playstation one
If you love the game, stop stressing about your rank. I climbed from gold to ascendant while having a full time job, just try to improve everytime you play and don't take 50-50 fights
They do it to get people to do exactly what you’re doingc and complain in chat. I’m not trying to justify it or encourage it, they’re just trolls being trolls.
Sova and fade darts would give constant info, smokes everywhere from omen and clove, kj turret at every angle and sage with heal up all the time? Well shit. No clue who is stronger.
i feel he realized that while climbing that he isn't hitting radiant anytime soon and apologized
Hahahahah me too, I keep getting placed in bronze, can't they see I'm an MLG player?
Although I don't think she is the best, she is definitely playable now with the buffs. I definitely feel like I'm seeing her more in games.
I don’t think he ever at any point called Average Jonas creepy lol, he’s just pointing out the funny amount of pictures there are where Average Jonas is getting comfortable with his female friend in the presence of his actual girlfriend. And at this point, I have actually seen an stupid amount of images like that, the “merch photo shoot” excuse can’t really fly anymore lol
Refreshin
Trueee, like every single LGBT person that i know, including myself, just thought "Wow, it's cool that they're doing something different, can't wait to see what the character does in game".

Like, we just don't focus exclusively on that lol
Yeah you gotta kill them first
I don't know if Rito can recover from such a disastrous bug
So what appears to have happened here was a delay in the viper ult hitting you. Since you Ulted through it, the decay seemed to be applied once you came out of your Ult because it couldn't be applied during.

Definitely a bug.
Hey, Australian here, can confirm I saw OP’s crosshairs somewhere over here in the last 72hrs
i was mvp with 28-6 and the next round i bottom fragged 1-8😭
Easiest way to tilt people is shotguns, operator and being sneaky imo
Report. Try to ff and then work on aim
I like how omen is literally just omen XD
Because my aim is ass
4 bullets with the vandal does 160 reyna in this video had 173 health
no, we need MORE skins bundles that look very similar to ones that have already released.
He can just place it down at work before he leaves for home and visa versa
Where can i buy that confidence sir?
Yes technically you are getting one tapped.. but it only feels that way because You're bronze. If you're Gold or above you're not going to feel like you're getting insta one-tapped in Bronze...
Aim prac. A LOT of deathmatch, and CONSTANTLY think about what youre actually doing with your left hand. Turn on the Shooting Error option ingame, record all comp games you play, watch them all back and really break down your deaths. I PROMISE you a lot of the times you think you have "shit aim", atleast 35% of them is actually youre pressing A or D when youre shooting your first 1-2 bullets, throwing off the rest of the engagement and losing you the duel. 

I have 5200 hours on CS, level 180 on Valorant. I aim pracced and aim pracced and aim pracced, I always blamed by aim for my inconsistancy, so I kept working and working and working on it. Turned out, my aim was actually fucking insane, actually way too overtrained. Once I start really focusing on my left hand, my movement, positioning, thinking of all the ways to make these duels as easy as possible to win, I start seeing major improvements. 

Hope this helps, FFA DEATHMATCH + VOD REVIEW ARE THE GOATS
From a supports perspective how do I use Lucios ult effectively on Anubis second point
I don’t think she is?
Diamond3 at the Moment but its also my peak.
Still it's a major problem in your life
Haven't Breach and Raze canonically escaped from prison before?
is this before or after the run and gun nerfs??
2yrs ban 💀💀 /s
MAPS SAME
It's probably one of the best/noticeable improvements you can do. The difference is pretty insane.
so we are in bronze
iirc they used to produce quality music before transitioning into the gaming market. we should cut them some slack
I agree, or exclusively for save rounds as well. But even then I'd rather use the sheriff.
Looks like you were inside the spherical portion that spawns at its end by the time it calculated its target. Pretty close to dodging it though.
i never thought about warmup for too long
Duno but its hella cringe, feel bad for the ladies that use mic tbh
Bounty image is for the top fragger. If that’s you, the buddy turns red (danger!).
I'd rather play with someone who instalock their favourite agent than someone who's forced to fill and don't know anything about the character they're playing.
His shield is OK. What he needs is a buff to his wall and ultimate. Make the wall wider and allow it to be stopped for about 3 seconds. That would help with entering a site. For his ult he should always get his shield ability before the fight or something like that.
Even if you are “bad” why give up on the game if you genuinely want to improve? You don’t have to start out with god like talent, if you WANT to improve you can definitely do it. It just takes extra effort.
Yeah, to put it in perspective, Radiant players are 0.03% of Valorant players. Crazy.
An ultimatum. I myself play a lot but i dont miss work and regular go out on weekends to spend time with friends. 

The fact tht youre his GF and is willing to spend more time playing its fucked up. You need to make it very clear. And i mean very clear. Tht the way things are going are not good because youre being put aside over a game. Simple as tht.
He's casually playing it off like he doesn't lie to audience every single video lmao. What a joke. It's like that sideways eye monkey meme.
Nah my winrate is like 80%. 4/5 but it’s a dog shit map. The changes are terrible and the fact I have to play this while haven was removed is abhorrent
Because it’s been known to not work 😂
wow this is like an exact replica of her ingame outfit, outstanding job!
Because the player base is sucking it up swallowing and saying thanks
is Genji breedable?

(the fact that autocorrect knew what I was typing instantly at "is g" is fucking scary)
The voiceline at the end makes this a cherry on top
Itd depend on the map and presumably both teams would get a ban so youd see both cypher and reyna.
Spiderman confirmed
It's not for everyone! Let me know if the colors grow on you. We went a lot bolder this year and tried to capture the essense of supernova. 

Also wondering how people will like shooting the rocks in the finisher. It's one of my favorite parts.
i see i see.. imo everything is overpriced
Viper isn't evil, she's just burning with hatred against _someone_, she's cold and ruthless for the sake of her goals and understands that pretty words and idealistic dreams don't win wars 

Reyna is a radiant supremacist yes, but it's implied that she went batshit insane in Kayo's timeline after the death of her sister... whom Viper is helping to cure and Reyna's soul harvest frenzy is partially because Viper uses it to keep her sister alive. Reyna only truly hates KJ because it was her machines that got her sister hurt. She's a radical leader who sees violence between radiants and non-radiants as inevitable and is trying to shield her community from it, while also encouraging other radiants (Skye, Neon) to embrace the full extent of who they are and what they are capable of instead of locking their powers away in fear. 

It is implied that even Sage has skeletons in her closet... something about an orphanage and a fire 

I would say Chamber is the real evil one because he's literally a war profiteer and caused the incident that blew up Fracture and killed all the scientists. It's unclear what his motives for doing so were and it doesn't seem like he particularly regrets it, just that he doesn't want the rest of the agents to find out. And he's the scariest because his charming persona and carefully crafted backstory almost makes him appear harmless, but don't forget what he says when killing someone with his ult ("Oh I'm enjoying this") lol

Also Cypher literally contemplates blackmailing people using their children lmao
Ok now say why
honestly it should only need two votes, fuck it, it should only need one. it not all 4 players want to risk the afk coming back then they should remake. I have seen too many games where one or two dont want to remake because they dont want to wait in queue again and think they are good enough to carry
Best astra line
I like how the vase gives you the choice to stand still and try to fight, or get away and suffer some damage. Unique molly
You're right. It *is* precise, which is why you missed

FWIW Valorant agent hitboxes are actually pretty good
I am a fellow sunset hater (i literally cannot get my head around this map) and would trade for any of the maps not in the current rotation
We were 0-9  
  
The whole team always knew where we were stacking and 2 had vct level crisp aim.   
   
I found it really sus in that round 3 I was holding the most odd angle and fade casually came and one taped.
Before the headshot, he was hit 149(headshot is 156, 305-156=149). Before the headshot he was also hit by a body shot, so the ult prolly did around 110 damage, doesn't look it was that far, but the ult kinda is a little inconsistent. Happens.
Flaming the bottomfrag is usually a good way to lose the match, especially if he's a duelist.

Some people are just meant to be hardstuck and the match can quickly snowball into massive tilt.

Just try to get more kills / rounds to lose less RR and move on.
It pops faster that way because there's less travel time for the flash
Can’t headshot downed kayo

Skill issue
so we're in copper
wait reynas flanking on ct when they know the whole team is on the opposite side of the map 😱😱😱😱

typical lurking reyna!!!!!!!
Using Harbour right is cool. Look at all that wave going.
Everything other than bullets can go through Iso walls.
Yeah no way, my shotguns don’t do that. Just left them barely alive
i usually hit them with a “there’s a reason you’re queued with me”
Another Vandal would sell better than an OP and a Sheriff tbh.
"Diamond"
*tps into Narnia
"Gold"
"I AM THE HUNTER, I AM THE HUNTER, I AM THE HUNTER"
crazy
Its a really good anti cheat. Very few cheaters, I've been playing since beta and only seen 3, two of which were caught and the game was terminated but the other was walling and I believe banned later.

However it comes at a cost, the software is intrusive and demanding, it treats antivirus as possible cheats and will continually scan and throttle your cpu. Vanguard also doesnt like certain overlays and every update seems to break something and you have to do work arounds and create exemptions. Its actually really annoying. I look for fixes every patch but its never there so all the work has to be put in on my end because their intrusive anticheat conflicts with common pc software. Vanguard is good but it could be better.
Yeah, they're growing their audience to people who don't usually watch esports or play competitive video games. I've started to see more valorant ads on billboards also
I just checked with a timer, its 3.22 seconds instead of 4
super cool concept! ceilings can be pretty uncommon depending on the map (especially ones that can hide stuff on them) so his q would be a bit too situational. e seems kind of unwieldy to use, especially with the only benefit being it revealing a small area. maybe it could “leak” goop around it that could reveal and slow instead of firing? c is a really cool concept but seems to be more of a jett buff ability lol. it should have more use cases if your team doesn’t have a jett / chamber / omen / raze. i really love the art and designs tho!
what’s a valorant flashback
CS2 has been steadily shitting the bed and pushing a lot of players back.
Lets just start with something simple like agent specific or even just attack and defend. Hell id even take being able to favourite certain buddies onto the random skins ive selected.
Tf is this audio T_T
Who's to say the 2nd shot is accurate in the slightest? I would imagine it kicks like a mule and the double pump is just for close range unscoped shots.
If they're young and an ass you can just bully them until they mute, if they're old and still an ass its gege

also extremely younger kids tend to have no brain whatsoever but a comically short reaction time
Exactly that
Weak mental. Someone makes a lil mistake, another makes a passive aggressive comment about it, and then somehow everyone is tilted beyond repair💀 

Diamond
Even in my elo (dogshit 4) this is is a pretty common / appreciated wall
Wdym? 99% of skye players use a bird off start for info. Without regen you’re gonna have to think about if you should use it for info or not.
They could announce that theyve decided to just get rid of abilities for the sake of balance and then disable them on April 1
I agree with you and it’s the overheal for me. Sure, keep the dismiss, but I hate the fact that she can heal to 150. Nerf it to 100 and give her leer some more hp or make it work like a fade haunt so that if the leer sees you you’re blinded, not necessarily if you see the leer you’re blinded and whatnot. 

Im totally okay with healing abilities like phoenix, Skye, and sage. However, being able to take multiple 50/50 gunfights as if you didn’t get hit at all is plain dumb, and it also incentivizes smurfing in lower elo where players can’t head tap others consistently.
Definitely a CoD player
I hate Clove's voice lines. "You know what we should do? We should win." Okay...that line is so anticlimactic and always leaves my group flabbergasted.
Try deranking to silver
Tbf..there are plenty of people smurfing the living crap out of gold and diamond players. 

I was so happy when I worked my ass off to escape Gold and then got knocked to gold when I faced an immo level player smurfing. 

There was just no winning against him/her.
no effects just gun vfx something to make it even more minima like, the default gun sounds don't fit minima, it needs to sound like there is no gunpowder
Yeah I can’t say I’ve ever seen anyone fully right click a sage wall in game.
The fake teleport was useless because you kept making noise at Yellow. Reyna should have heard your footsteps but they seem new to the game
Why would Riot care about us average consumers when they can get whales to drop $70-$120 every two weeks?
Don't worry - eventually you'll get to the point where you'll wish you quit sooner.
just practice your aim and use your brain during games lol
The titles are kind of hit or miss with me but I like having the option to equip them if I want. The cards are okay but I'll stick with the ones I have.

I kinda like the Marshall skin so I might aim to get that.

I've been feeling a little burnt out from Valorant, so with the new Kingdom Credit system I might just wait to buy them with credits.
This is exactly what he said😅
Seems balanced. You get a heal but limited time, smokes are short, but refill relatively quickly. The ult you have to get a kill with, so people just avoid you. And has to be activated quickly. 

Interested to see some line ups with their decay orb
It was a night ruiner tho feels bad
What happens if someone with spike falls?
Q: If I bought a skin. Why do I have to give it to you?

A: Because i want it.
Whenever I see a "I miss her" being sexist or toxic af, I'll tell em "goddamn I bet she sure as hell don't miss you" LOL
every kill was with movement error. that is such a crazy clip lmao. all of it
You can’t I’ve just accepted getting back shots
I’m a newish player and super casual since I suck (I placed bronze and I really only play swift play now) and I bought it. I’ve never bought a bundle before, but I’ve bought like 4 skins. 

But I ADORE the lil animals and the colors and the sounds, literally the best bundle I’ve ever seen.I don’t regret my purchase at all, the skins make me happy and honestly that’s all that matters. I had the financial means, so why not spend money on something I enjoy? If you don’t have the means, don’t do it. They are just pixels after all. 

This is just a long winded way of saying yes, as long as you have the means. 

If you do buy it, be prepared to give people your skins, I was giving skins away to multiple teammates each game I played lol
Chinese people change their real names so dumb Americans can pronounce it better 
>Yes, I’m looking at you. The Jett instalock who’s suddenly decided to become a controller main for a week. 

>I’m looking at you, the Kayo main who’s never played as a controller before and doesn’t know how to deploy them. 

I feel personally attacked. :|
I don't think you can hit headshots with either gun. You just shoot less bullets with the guardian and more with the Vandal.
You say "end of a peek". So I guess the moment is important? If you crouch while peeking they see you earlier because you are slower is that right?
8k for a spray tag rofl, looked like the cap was 10K hmmmm I have questions
this is one of the problems that comes from people watching streamers. Ascendant is very impressive, it’s the top 2% of the game, but people listen to radiant pros/streamers say that Ascendant players are trash and just echo that (even though they’re hardstuck gold). it’s very annoying and happens in literally every game
GGGGGGive me a corpse
Bros better on console than I am on pc -_-
You definitely got DDOSed

Everybody's leaving and joining the discord party from the disconnect. As someone who works in I.T. and Networking there's no way that happens coincidentally to everyone except you and the ENTIRE enemy team. Unless all 4 of your teammates were in the same house. That's the only way.
Pretty neat! I never played on Pearl so I was always curious on how it was the map
I see why you play reyna. Just to dismiss to rotate the crosshair :D
Silver. Although I'm not the victim. I am the cypher
Next, you're going to tell me that Phoenix mains spend more time flashing their own team than the enemies, when everyone knows that they *never* flash their own team. Can't believe people are coming up with this nonsense, Reyna mains being toxic? What alternative world do they live in smh.
Greek god casually walking among men.
I mean I think it should be pretty easy? Orb mid and lurk there. Rest of team go A every round. Mix it up a little and you should be good. It's pretty hard to hold A if you rush it and use util properly.
Affordable? For limited time champs bundle? Underestimating small indie company rito here
I feel like that would ruin your life. First of all, you can’t exactly keep it a secret lol. So eventually people will find out about you, and literally everyone will beg you constantly to bring back their loved ones 24/7/365. Not to mention what the government would do if they ever found out about you.
Learn the map, Live the map, Love the map. 

First off, embrace Sunset like it's your long-lost love coming back from a voyage across the seven seas. Know its nooks and crannies like the back of your hand – where you can hide, where to expect enemies, and the best spots for surprise attacks. Next, live the map. Spend so much time on it that you start seeing it in your dreams. Make it your home.

Finally, love the map. Write it love letters if you have to. "Dear Sunset, your glaring light blinds me in ways I never knew possible. It illuminates my path to improvement." Remember, it's a love-hate relationship that only the bravest can turn into a true romance.

And when all else fails, just W key thru mid and market all the way to B site, don't stop for no man.
in my experience comms get more common the higher you get in elo, but its really random sometimes you'll get 0 comms all game sometimes u'll get every person non stop comming
Uhhh interesting name..
>omen because he’s the most ‘csgo’ of chars to me; has smoke, has flash, can peek on off angles using tps. 

I'm sorry what lmfao
Xenohunter and reaver karambit
We say that you are 'boosted'. 

By the way the game doesn't care about your rank: there's a hidden number that represents your skill and it's called 'mmr'. 

You go in games with people with similar mmr as you. That's why you could be silver and go against bronze or gold.

If your mmr is low, when you lose a game you lose a lot of points and when you win you don't gain as much points. Also the contrary is true. 

The mmr changes very quickly (to kick out smurfs from lower ranks).
Let's say you lose a bunch of games (around 4) in a row and perform badly: your mmr will go down a lot, even if your rank stays the same, and you will go back to playing against people of your skill level.
People who think it’s funny to be toxic.
Back in my day we used the pinkest girliest skins and wore them as a badge of honor.
"FOR THE LAST TIME I'M NOT FREAKING MERCY! THIS ISN'T OVERWATCH! HEAL YOURSELF YOU DANG DEULIST, YEAH I'M TALKING TO YOU PHEONIX AND REYNA! AND JETT YOUR LITTERALLY 85 HP, YOUR FINE, SUCK IT UP"
Got Mine
likely due to him being the last agent before they changed the unlock system for new agents.
I get it for a 10 second clip, but I genuinely cannot fathom holding my phone vertically to watch an 3 hour valorant match lmao
Reyna is in an awkward spot. You see her in most of the ranked games, but not in tournys. She is hit and miss. Can't hit ur shots, u are useless asf. 

I believe she needs a change in a sense that she cant overheal on pistol rounds, the thing that could make most sense is make her not able to heal over 100 without ult. As a consequence this would make her ult feel like actual ult. After that if she is in a weak spot, u can tinker with her as she shouldn't be able to stomp on lower elos.
Still can’t get anyone. What a loser
Mosh doesn't die when gecko uses the ability, they have the capacity to clone themselves, and gekko just use one of the copy iirc.
Unfortunately you'll never know the impact your 5th body could make.  Do you consider yourself a good shooter or top 2 player on your team?  

Cypher, viper, astra all have fairly powerful tools to get info, area denial, displace enemies to help with site take.  

I'm not saying its your fault every time, but if all you do is lurk then yes its likely you.  Its all part of game sense and learning to adjust to your enemies.  If your team is set on executing and taking a site, you are reducing your numbers and take ability every round for what, the potential that they push?

If they are pushing that aggressively that you need to permalurk every round then your team should adjust to them pushing and catch them aggroing every round for free site until they stop, then your team has free reign and map control.  Mid match and mid round adjustments are huge as you climb
You would have gotten flamed most likely yes.

The OP is a different weapon to the Vandal/Phantom, it's a huge investement and there's generally not more than 2 ops at play during a round, you usually want to have someone as an assigned OPer for the team.

This is already the case in CS, but is even more important in VAL as some agent are better than others at using the OP (Think Jett and Chamber).
Reyna as the last player alive with 2 flashes and ult tells me everything I need to know about this player lol
Yoru or astra I lean towards astra since her roll requires more teamwork and planning and will always almost be blamed for mistakes

Yoru is hard but the role doesent add more pressure for him
Chronovoid and overdrive
As you get better past ranks seem easier. Immortals will have easy time in ascendant. Radiants will have easy time with immortals. 

Pros will have easy time with radiants. 

That's how you know you are improving. The opponents get easier until they don't. That's when you've reached your plateau.

It's like lifting weights. 20lbs is heavy then it's not. 100lbs seems like an accomplishment until you're lifting it with ease. 

The goal always moves.
Tbh my aim isn't the problem, it's everything else, like my peeking habits, consistency, and most of all I keep getting caught off guard man so annoying.
My only issue with it is for defending.  If you have a smoke down main and that is basically your only defense utility then it goes hand in hand with spamming to slow or stop a push (especially at lower ranks where people don’t respect smokes at all.

The spamming was getting out of hand though especially in pro play.
80% of players lol
None of these. Chamber is the only realistic one. Other then that, raze is good. So is skye.
lol good shit post
Thanks for shedding some light on this, The fact they did this silently without mentioning this anywhere makes me think they just don't care about India.
Healing from KJ would go insane
Also his knife and ult turns everything in a pure aim fight
Don't you usually move your camera 5 degrees further left when hiding in that corner to check the route from mid, which would also let you see him camping the stack?

This required misplays on both sides, not just his.
Her satchels are weird. Think of the blast radius as a bubble, and try to put yourself in the best spot to get max height and distance. I don’t really know how else to explain it
All skins are a ripoff
I saw you run through the wall and thought “there’s guy is wild”. Then I read the “we don’t talk anymore” and it all made sense
Basically my friend used to be a self respecting Radiant and cared about his tracker, he would scrim 5 times a week and was making big bucks for him and his wife through his esports career. Around 6 months ago he discovered weightlifting and since then he has been absolutely addicted to it lifting 10+ hours a day, always screaming and yelling when dropping the weights in his home gym. Due to how bad his addiction is he has started to neglect his wife and his own well being, he stopped doing battle pass dailies and would often skip VCT matches to lift weights. Eventually leading to his org making the decision to terminate his contract, due to this he started to lift even more every day 18+ hours a day , missing essential sleep and not eating properly as well as ignoring his wife. I’m not sure what to do as his condition is severe and I wish he would return to how he use to be before he got swole.
Before playing Valorant I was watching streamers play it and I remember sometimes hearing this gun that sounds like it can penetrate concrete blocks, so I was like "it sounds strong as fuck, that's the gun that I'll be using"

Turns out that was Chamber's ult
Does the tracker matter? The Gecko ults you, plants FOR YOU, then doesn't check the bomb as it's defused. Dude might as well have been on your team.
Tenz flicking the f out of everyone on Heaven clip.
And it’s extra ironic that the Kinect is an industry standard for basic computing and motion sensing. I know several CS seniors who had capstone projects including a Kinect.
Buy a kid?!?!
Demon 1 sens.
Apparently she is op because of a bug(100% accuracy while sliding out of A heaven window on Haven)
She can one tap you while flying.
Whoever wants to… because 80% of games I’m stuck carrying the bomb because everyone else just leaves it in spawn if I don’t.
I remember that if you recalled a utility (eg. kj’s alarmbot) it’ll be carried to the next round
i do hope eventually we get a crossplatform unrated/casual modes  only queue. i can name at least 5 friends who want to join me in this game badly
I’ve been playing the console beta also. A lot of Gekkos refuse to take spike so maybe players are used to them not having it.
Was looking for this, they basically say if you play their game they have the right to use anything you create regarding the game
Can't wait for the exclusive matte black release skin 😍
Tenz and Kyedae played a match on Abyss yesterday, and Tenz struggled finding angles, the map was simply too new for him. He was getting frustrated by the Deadlock on the enemy team because she was swinging wide, and using her utility to perfection.   
This clearly showed that a lot of the perfect gameplay you see on some of the maps, is based on experience from previous matches, and gamesense for the particular map and players.   
No doubt Tenz and other Pro players will get the hang of Abyss as it is in the map pool, but they have to study it like the rest of us.
Love the design and ideas. Looks sick!
You mean a $800 win
Gekko says “Callate” which translates to “I wish you peace and rest in your next life” and I think that’s really beautiful.
after the 2022 season, riot decided to implement franchising, which specific teams gets to play in the tier one level, while other teams must play through ascension to play in tier one (they are considered tier two). optic did not make franchising and didnt want to go through ascension. most of the optic core (crashies victor fns) went to nrg while yay went to c9 before being dropped then played on dsg. marved retired then went back on sentinels.

thats kinda the breakdown but theres more to expand and that was 2023. its 2024 now and fns left nrg to do content  creation, crashies victor and marved are on nrg and yay is on bleed but hes on a break due to health concerns.

also they are na not latam :)
Real
I reached immortal 2 with 60hz, I use 240hz now and its a night and day difference.
What can you nerf about the satchels???
a jett smoke is a barely a smoke tbh
Peeks mid once silently

"Flash out" 
"Go go GO"
"THEY ARE SO DEAD"
"BLINDING"
"Heere COMES THE PARTY"
Same here...Going to a send a support ticket
i uploaded a 1v2 short once so i think me
What the fuck
Nobody like map pool changes at first, and nobody likes a new map at first.

I just go along knowing the first times I play a new map is gonna be a lose, I just don't have time to study a game anymore haha
Because she got nerf and viper mains gave up
always the good players that are more likely to cheat as Karl Jobst would say.
I like using Cryostasis. It has ice forming on the gun after not firing for a while. I like it. Plus the finisher is cool
It's so funny but so irritating sometimes how butthurt some people get by getting killed from campers/rats. I'm not a fantastic rat myself, but I have a few damn good spots that no one checks. And boooy, has it gotten a fair number of slurs thrown my way, even by my own teammates. 

Just, like...if you don't wanna be killed by a rat, check your damn corners. It's that easy. Stop throwing around the r-word and f-word and down syndrome comparisons. Just get better at game sense dawg.
They got more ziptie videos recommended on their feed and became enlightened to the ways of yoru.

Honestly though it’s cuz of the death of the initiator meta and jett/raze nerfs. When that happened teams began exploring different comps, including different duelists, leading to yoru becoming more popular.
Anit no way, that's crazy
Why play a useful agent when you can play deadlock?
I get ittttt. the only exception for me is default vandal bc it feels so clean
In elos bronze-Diamond it’s typically the roles nobody wants to play, whether thats smokes/sentinels/initiators, Diamond-Radiant it matters less, and even more the higher elo you get. Players in higher elos will typically frag more even if they main Sage/Brim/etc, and players who dont either had a bad game (everyone does) or are boosted.
I literally read the title and thought it was sarcastic, shows how I feel about the game :(
This comment section is hilarious. You can identify a shit player easily the second they start over explaining the basic concepts of playing the game, I guess it helps make them feel like they’re better?🤣 congrats bro you had some game sense. You’re a pro now! Also. It’s called 1 tap. Not 1 deag🤣 nobody says that shit. Also wasn’t a 1 tap even. You shot 4 bullets. You simply headshot the guy. Lastly, you ain’t fooling nobody with this old ass pre jett nerf clip😭 talkin bout “this clip was yesterday”💀
If anything you need to be angry at u/Constant_Stock_6020 . Dude single handedly destroyed raze for all of us.
ACS doesn’t matter, and honestly I’d recommend you stop caring about stats at all if you can (literally the only stat that matters is your winrate and I’m not joking)
probably only does damage once per life? i really hope that surviving the spike is an intended feature
Every hard reset, players get more toxic. Riot doing what they do the best.
very neat headhunter buff rewarding being able to aim; headshot kills give back 1 ammo
Is it actually a bug? I haven’t use champions phantom in a while so didn’t notice
Ah, okay!... so perhaps time invested in practicing with with the headhunter and vandal would be more beneficial than to keep relying on the Guardian, especially if I'm going to continue using chamber a lot?
Yeah it's not uncommon to ask for a specific set up if you have a plan in mind. I'm a Cypher main and I'd be so happy if I got a teammate like that. I frequently play with a KJ main too and I often ask her to set up a certain way and she always welcomes it. It could've been the way your Phoenix was talking like if it was too bossy or something, or she was just having a bad day, or she just has a bit of an ego and didn't like that the Phoenix was "telling her what to do." 

Regardless, her not buying anything is definitely throwing and I would've called her out on her behavior and reported.
The point is the average valorant player couldn't handle getting punched in the face.
flame skins again? ☹️
Lmao, I want to hear the punchline 😂
Someone who doesn’t wanna deal with the suspension?
Is that a good holy shit? or a bad holy shit?

&#x200B;

Or is my over analysis of a videogame also a form of religious fecal matter?
Smurfing is bad. I agree, but man why can't smurfs just go into matches say what they want, how to execute, and idk make it a teachable moment if they are gonna play in such low ranks? Rather than just be cruel, mean, and ruin the game and experience for everyone else.
Yeah guess you’re right. Thanks!
Did you see the fire rate? This thing will be a smurf god gun.
I understand the Sage fully, I usually have to spam chat to my teammates to kill the last guy if they see them
there is a faint low-pitched shoot sound when you spray guns
no
Then why is breach an initiator? Also shouldn't raze be an initiator because of her bot? Your logic is stupid
External hp addition is inherently bad for a tac fps. Before the buff the shield only came into play if you went out and took the risk of taking a gunfight and winning it. That made it have a opportunity cost to it. 
Also talking about how bad the buff was yeah he was weak but imo thought should have been given how his other utility works. Like the wall blocks every interaction of maybe the ability to stop the wall etc.
I'm locking Jett and rushing awp
That is the safe haven of us lore enthusiasts. Welcome.
It's a competitive 5v5 shooter. Paladins, Overwatch and Siege aren't really the same type of game, even if it's a 5v5 tactical shooter too, Siege has a very different set of skills.

What comes closest to Valorant is CS where people have, at least, the same aiming abilities.

If you really want to see people with crazy goddam aim you should try some boomer arena shooter like Quake live.
(he is in constant pain and literally rips himself apart to small pieces to teleport (and his flash is a piece of his arm))
Yes. Details and depth on the surface, but the collision should be smooth.
Yeah, I'm tired of agents getting nerfed instead of buffing alternatives so there's actually a viable dilemma on who to pick.
For the future, when you are spectating someone, write to the chat /cc 
Using this command you will copy the sight.
Bold of you to assume I will grow old
Thanks man! I suspected it but I waS wondering they should put his peak in there shouldn't they? For example if I peaked radiant 490, and I ended as radiant 610, on my card it should be 490 no?
Pfft. Look what they need to mimic a fraction of our power.
Id have to take a break for a few days if I was that KJ
The problem with Viper isn’t her viability compared to other controllers - it’s her viability when used with other controllers. That’s the paradox of Viper. She needs to be strong enough to function as a solo controller on maps like Breeze and Icebox while also weak enough that she isn’t an auto pick on Sunset, Lotus, and Bind. That means she needs to be weaker compared to initiators or sentinels in a way that means more teams will double up on something that isn’t controller.
Must be iron 1 or lower.
- enemies didn’t hit 180 degree flicks to your head the microsecond you peek. Typical iron
- I don’t like your vandal skin, sign of an iron player
- you aren’t a pro player I recognize from YouTube so you are therefore iron AT BEST

…do I sound like a typical commenter now?
Fastest would probably be a double satchel into a rocket but cool nonetheless
Least deranged redditor
Agree. Also good if you’re one shot as it heals you fully.
1. Yes, though it will take a while.

2. Hard to say without knowing you better. I'd say just play around with the 5 you start with, then pick someone in the same class who looks cool.
Widejoy returns once more
Look up engagement based matchmaking. Riot games and other companies have perfected a system in which you are paired and connected to games in which you feel like a god after you take breaks. As soon as you are back playing consistently your games will be manufactured to keep you engaged with loss streaks and win streaks. Tenz talked about it the other day on stream when they asked if losers que was real. He said "yes, of course its real, unless you can 1v9 a lobby it is a real thing".
Her self-heal is the most useless ability in the entire game atm.
Riot: makes one of the most unique agents to date, able to duel comfortably as a supportive smoker and even continue playing after death
   
Some people for some reason: bland, unoriginal, running out of ideas
ISO is busted rn, cuz it's literally the perfect soloq agent. You get 70/30 advantage in every duel by simply clicking E.  
They will probably reduce the duration of the shield.
when enemy wingman plants i call “goober planting”
itll last 7 seconds before exploding
Sigh ill do all the work:

It took roughly 3.4 seconds to run in a 30m straight line and 3.1 seconds while bhopping so lets just say 3.3 seconds

30m is 0.019 miles so at the same pace it would take 177 seconds, or about 3 minutes to run a mile so 20mph or if i was accurate timing the bhops then 21.6 mph
Good. The tunnel was pointless without the hall.
Will we get the same guns in our night markets. I’ve been playing since beta day 1 and this was the first night market that had skins I really wanted at a price I could afford. Not only that but there were THREE skins I wanted at a good price.
And sometimes you get that toxic Reyna saying "no it wasn't a nice try"
If they let you watch replays to see how many cheaters there are, it would ruin reputation of vanguard. There is a reason why there are no replays, its joke.
You’re the one being weird LMAO
Bruh kj turret is like another agent in pistol rounds
I used to be an Astra main until this act. My winrate with her tanked and other smoke agents just offer more flexibility.

She needs a buff, nothing oppressive, just something to make her more enticing to use.

Until then I'd just rather play Clove, Omen, or Brim.
I hope he was
"Cake triggered" — Cypher
It's telling when a lot of overwatch players that swapped to valorant DUNKED their sens when they switched over

I think lower is better for this game.

two things here.

1. Micro adjusting is hands down the most important think you need to develop.

2. you only need to be able to 180 comfortably in this game. being able to turn more is wasted potential in my opinion.

Good luck.
Everyone squatting when shooting, I'm thinking gold or silver. Cypher also didn't finish setting up traps before the round started
They should add it as a cheats option in custom games
stupidity is what cames to mind  


or they didn't look at the spike to see it was at half? who knows. 

as someone once said "how do you get into someone's head when they have nothing in their heads?"
Right click flash is ridiculously versatile and hard to dodge if you're good at it. It has to have a downside of shorter blind time, which quite frankly, still very much enough to secure the kill
Okay, I say Italy because it's funny how the first episode is in Italy but there are no Italian agents lmao.

But apparently the leaks say that the next agent has the codename "Sherry", which indicates that perhaps she or he is either from Spain or France, and I would be betting more on Spain, as we already have Chamber, but I confess that I kind of wanted another French agent to form a duo with Chamber, only with a personality very opposite to his. It would be really funny lol.
Skye changes (10.0)

> character can no longer move or use abilities. 

> headshot hitbox increased to whole body
After you've purchased skins and used them for a while, there comes a time every now and then when picking up a default vandal feels like aimbot.
can confirm. a rando i was playing with had one, and called it her “horny stick.” after i died i watched her stroke it silly style

i should call her…
I mean kayo is probably one of the hardest agents to master as he has so many lineups for his entire kit. The pop flashes being the hardest, and set mollies to destroy kj ult probably the second hardest. Also easiest being knife line ups, as they usually have a margin for error due to its detection radius being big.
What being French does to a mf
It’s ironic because this entire post is a core reason why they do it lol
they should just teleport you into a blank background for the true kovaak experience
It’s kids
I think the reasoning for that was they didn't want people to bully players out of the match so that they can forfeit.

I do agree with you though. I feel like I've lost so much time to losing games with 3v5s just because I couldn't ff on a 9 round deficit.
 Instead of telling them what to do. Just say something like “I have flash if you want to peek mid”. Make them think that they are peeking because they want to inatead of you telling them to.
Clove is immortal silly. You think a giant rocket going to slow them down?
nah its just a combat report bug. you still need to take 150 dmg, it just doesnt show up correctly.
I honestly don't buy this at all. I don't think they make any money off radianite points unless the whales spend absolutely absurd amounts on them.

I know myself and plenty of my friends have considered buying several bundles but been put off entirely by the radianite points. "This bundle is sick, i'm down to spend $60" or whatever is often a thought until you realize you also need like $50 worth of radianite points. Asking the average person to spend $50-80 for a bundle is already a lot. Asking them to spend $130+ is absurd

The logic that making things more expensive make you more money has never been true
Honestly, regardless of lore, gameplay, everything: The accent is completely offensive to Scottish people, I'm almost considering it a human rights violation.
knew someone would point that out 💀💀thanks bro
Only way I play. It's fun as fuck. You will try things you normally wouldn't. The asshats won't bother you as much. It's a great time
Cool, when can we see Haven back? /s

On a serious note, I really hate Icebox and Breeze. God I never thought that I'd wish for Fracture of all maps to take either of their place.
Shouldn’t that be a reason to save even more in valorant if you only get 1k
**NO PECAN**
The reaver was clean and cheap. That's why its used a lot. The kuronami has Japanese styling, that's why it's used a lot
I think Lev is good. They just need more time as a team. C0m is a Champions winner. KiNg was the best player out of old Lev. Tex was NRG's old duelist I believe. He's had his share of great plays. Mazino is their 2nd best player IMO.

Aspas on old Loud roster was scary.
Don't worry vanity you will not be the last XD
I am convinced riot only came up with that map for the memes and nothing else
You just gotta be straight, I always start with "look bro, I love you, BUT..." and then point out the problem you have
Welcome to Valorant.
Ok it's the game you are a great player no mistake on your part no sir never
Line ups? Line up what lol
Clean movement isolating 1v1s. What is reyna doing though, trying to flash while being scanned? Autopiloting behavior
In lower ranks you trust your teammates and believe that they have full site control and while you are planting open someone in shift creeps up and kills you happened to me too many times honestly
There may be a chance that he uses an RFID card on the biometric scanner, which gives him the access to his room.
You need to make a reverse smurf where you solo queue only. Don't stop playing with your friends over this Silver elo is not that serious.
Nice head taps, I'd say gold. You spraying enemy sage when their back was turned to you gives it away for me
Yeah and he decided to duo with JeyG after losing against a Jett who was obviously cheating or had a radiant god playing on his acc (70% win rate in 100+ matches). I don't care about him duoing with anyone so long as he's not obviously getting boosted. OP just seems to be jumping the gun on hating hooj for this one
Smol indie dev. Pls understand
I have the EP 1 Bronze buddy and I did not know this, haha, pretty cool!
sheriff feels so good to use
Watching seoldam using jett right click knives back then was soo satisfying, he was the Jett god.
Eh i find it pretty common to run into low elo players in deathmatch. Maybe just a luck thing. I have sometimes got solely low elo lobbies too several times in a row lol
Awesome knife but kinda pointless of a fan if it only waves hot air in your face
Dog says "Plant the Spike".
Sorry, what's the question? You don't want to play unrated, you want to keep playing with them, you know you can't force them to aim train and whatnot, you don't want to smurf. I only ask because you titled it "Problem" and not "Rant". There's no solution, you either suck it up and continue playing with them or you don't and solo queue.
Tilde/Ruin dagger + Celestial Fan/Sentinels of Light
Subtle flex but agreed
And what do we learn?

Hate is stronger than love.
I think it's a great warmup mode, and it doesn't feel as frustrating as ffa with the bad spawns
they had no plans for the 0.01% that ACTUALLY bought everything. Its like running out of shop items because you bought every bundle
The balance team really needs to watch the friendly fire when nerfing problems away.

They delayed astras stars, but accidentally added a stun lock into astral form with it due to bad coding.

They applied a broad rule to make omen's smokes hard to one way, but make smokes falling through stuff way more common as well as removing a bunch of creative player expression.

They nerfed Chamber but targeted his Sentinel abilities rather than his cheese pick abilities, turning him into another Reyna.

They are nerfing the shorty as a rifle/operator secondary, but the nerfs hurt Eco/pistol round usage way more (double cost, increased volatility [this is pre nerf, but it shows my point, and from quick testing, its worse now- https://www.reddit.com/user/theoreminegaming/comments/13w60dh/shorty_clip_since_getting_people_to_boot_up/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button] adding even more random breakpoint deviation). Instead of keeping it at the Reserve Ammo decrease and secondary falloff step decrease, and using an increase to sniper equip time (1.25) to punish its use as a secondary with rifles/snipers.

And now they are correctly punishing excessive smoke spam with rifles, but are also massively buffing Cove and Wall by making destroying them much, much more expensive with the main weapons of the game.

These balance changes have shown an increasing disregard for knockon effects, and its quite concerning given that Valorant is supposed to be a competitive game where balance is taken seriously and carefully chosen based on data, community feedback, and playtesting.
yeah you’re basically announcing to them that
 you want to focus on pushing the site w the wall
since you can’t take back the wall after using it, that’s 1 less util to use on pushing the other site if you decide to rotate
In Morse, the spaces also have meaning. Small spaces (3 beats) between letters, long spaces (7 beats) between words, so the spaces still need to follow some rule
bro is talking to himself 😭😭 🙏
i think she's okay if played well, but yeah most sage players aren't it and skye has an overall better heal and there are indeed other good/better sentinels
The real answer is probably Silver, as it holds the most players.  More players = more inconsistency between games. 

People are saying Gold, Plat, Diamond because of how different the skill levels are in a single match, but the funny thing is that's pretty consistent from game to game. You almost always have someone who you wonder how the hell they made it this far playing like an Iron, and then you have others where you wonder how they are still in this rank. 

But Gold - Diamond is pretty consistent in what you can anticipate as far as player behavior and strategies.  The aim might be inconsistent between players, but the overall function of the match seems to be pretty familiar. 

Jump into a Silver lobby and its all over the place.  Players holding a corner no one would ever dare hold, with an Odin.  Players smoking the weirdest spots, that somehow end up working to their advantage.  Players ignoring optimal gameplay in favor of "just going for it" and somehow clutching in the dumbest way possible. 

I don't really see that in my Gold,Plat,Diamond lobbies, its more predictable.
I would cheat and bottom frag, lol.
Jollz started out so well and then when the knife to radiant video came out I lost all respect.
Neon with double the running? Amazing!!
Short answer: It is not.

--
Longer answer: What you seen on your screen while playing is your client's interpretation of information that it receives from the server. For that reason for example, having high ping means you receive those informations slower. It's impossible to have perfect sync between server-client because lightspeed isn't fast enough (crazy, I know).

--
So to answer your question, the hitbox is just client's estimation of where enemies are but there will be always be slight misinterpretations.

Source: I'm making video games for a living.
I always throw if I'm not top fragging because I deserve at least immortal and I refuse to believe that any other silver player is better than me. They're obviously smurfing because I should always top frag but I rarely do. So I make sure those smurfs suffer. It's like 90% of people in silver are smurfing so yeah.
They literally just said the other day that they're gonna slow down making changes for a couple of patches lol, they're still monitoring how the recent changes are playing out. Besides the new agent is coming end of this month.
That they’re very new or very bad at the game
The very bare-bones breakdown is this:

Valorant is a 5v5 (meaning 5 players on each team, and two teams total) first-person shooter game. At the beginning of a match, each team will be assigned the role of “Defenders” or “Attackers” (this role remains for the first half of the game. At half-time, the roles swap between teams).
- The objective of Attackers is to either (1) kill all enemy players or (2) plant the “spike” on one of two or three designated sites (a bomb) and stall long enough until the spike explodes.
- The objective of Defenders is to either (1) kill all enemy players *before* the spike is planted or (2) defuse the spike (defusing takes 7 seconds, but a defusing player is often exposed to enemy gunfire). If the spike is planted but all Attackers are dead, the Defenders must still defuse the spike.
- First team to win 13 rounds wins. Each round has players spawn in either Defender or Attacker spawn (depending on the role of their team currently) and buy weapons using credits that are gained throughout the game. Half-time occurs after 12 total rounds. If a tie of 12-12 occurs, “overtime” kicks in and the first team to lead by two points takes the win. During overtime, teams swap roles every round. Also, players can vote for a draw.

What makes Valorant unique? Agent abilities. Before a match begins, each player on each team must select an “Agent” (character) to play. You can’t repeat more than one of the same agent in a team. 
- Each agent comes with a set of 4 unique abilities: a primary ability, secondary ability, signature ability, and ultimate ability. Signature abilities often recharge after being used throughout each round via timer or through getting kills. Ultimate abilities require “ult points” which are acquired through getting kills or collecting ult orbs.
- There are four categories of agents: Duelist, Initiator, Controller, and Sentinel.

**Duelist**: In simple terms, the duelist’s role is to “make space” for their team. This means helping their team take control of certain parts of the map (most often, a site where the spike can be planted) through abilities that improve movement and aggression. An example of some duelist abilities are a forward dash or a flashbang.
**Initiator**: Initiators gather info, and help initiate attacks onto a site. They can often support their duelist as the duelist enters a site by getting info on the enemies’ location or throwing a flashbang onto site. Their abilities include a scouting drone and projectiles that “reveal” enemies (highlight them through walls).
**Controller**: Controllers, like the name implies, help to control space. Every controller has one ability in common (although, each version is a bit different) that places “smokes” on the map. “Smokes” are a construct of material (usually sphere-shaped) that you cannot see through but you *can* walk through. By placing smokes where the Defenders might be playing, a Controller can make it safer and easier for the team to get onto site with getting shot at from all directions.
**Sentinels**: So, duelists take space, initiators gather info in a space, and controllers control space… what’s left? Sentinels — they hold space. Sentinels are mostly built to fortify the part of the map they play on. Most sentinels come with abilities such as tripwires, turrets, or remote-controlled grenades. These can be used during the enemies’ attack to slow them down or kill them as they enter the sentinel’s site.

There’s a lot more to the game beyond what I explained above, but for that I’d recommend going to YouTube and watching some gameplay. If you’re looking for someone to watch I think Woohoojin would be a good place to start (although, his content is educational and could bore you a little before you understand what’s going on)
Never realized how much people are frustrated about smurfs in this sub, duh…

Smurfing or not, if you're actually strong then your MMR will adjust your rank after some time, there's no need to panic or feel guilty.

A point that could be made is that you play very little on that account (assuming you don't intoxicate too often, otherwise please seek help!) so the MMR system might take too much time to position you correctly.

If you want to be extra safe, man, just play unrated, they're equally fun and you have literally nothing to lose!
nice ace man
You're not a proper Breach player unless you unload all his abilities in a single round. As a Breach main, it pisses me off when I see a teammate still having his full kit at the end of a round. Keep the pressure on the enemy!
Afkers should be promoted to Ascendant because they're pretty much trying to downrank to smurf.
As a low elo player, I can confirm that we're stupid.
Protesting reddit api changes
Probably haven’t done anything cuz it’s out of ranked pool, hopefully they add it
It’s really a mid off with occasional flanks
Bro need a debuff to perform 💀
40-60 minute matches too much of a commitment especially if you’re not enjoying it and have limited play time.

Loving Baldurs Gate 3 right now.
“If you already have the Agent, however, you won't get any Kingdom Credits at Level 5.”

Alright well screw everyone who has everything
Wallhacks is probably a good starting point for an answer for this question.
Gaia’s
Buy more than just one
Person in the clip didn’t kill anyone
It’s intentional, creates an alternate set of counterplays to a drone other than just shooting it (i.e. lineups). Same is true for Sova drone and Skye dog as well as Astra astral form.
They do it to get this exact reaction.
Yep. Tracers can be a bit confusing. They visualize the path of the bullet, but they're delayed. Sometimes this is misleading.  
  
The bullet travels instantly and hit registration is checked on the frame it was fired.
I absolutely love the game and wouldn't get rid of any of my skins, I work full time and only get to play an hour or so a week so want to look at something nice when I do play.
The thing with the nt thing is that most of the times when people say it, is usually in a situation where youre at a fairly big disadvantage. If youre in an unfavoritable situation (1v2, 1v3, you have a classic while they got guns) and you generally dont straight up run it down almost every person would say nt. It low key shows that you do want to win even in a losing scenario and the people that say it also prove that they are invested in winning even in that losing scenario. No one is stopping them from alt tabbing and doing smth else while you struggle to win that low odds fight but they still chose to watch and potentially either give you useful info to help your odds or just hope it goes in your favor. Its a pretty cool thing that most people have adapted in most games as well and that really does help keep the spirit up even in a losing situation.
“She doesn’t seem to be a solo sentinel”

That’s just using different words to say she’s bad
Don't make it the job of the harassed players to deal with the shit themselves. If you want women to comm, make them feel like you're on their side and push back on the shitty dudes.
Neon and Yoru are great fun once you get the hang of them. Fast paced, high-risk-high-reward.

I play Cypher because I like to be a rat, and Brim because I like lineups and lurking in and around my smokes because, again, rat.

It's all very personal. One man's boring is another man's fun.
it used to be his Double Tap timer before the buff but now it’s probably stuck as 20s
I forgot pearl exists ngl
This just seems like a good example of how a sentinels mindset should be like.
As an ascendant player this is what I would say to my team. If they got rekt on B by my setup, ofcourse they're gonna hard rush A so I'll tell my team to 4 stack A and I'll alone play B. It's not rocket science, it's just common sense or should I say "game sense"
Wingman has a Ghost equipped which he fires at enemies in his LOS as he plants or defuses.
Good, I was looking forward to the big reveal and show match, and its been ruined by some twat for clicks.
1 bullet = 1 ballsac
God I wish PC val was this slow. I could actually get out of Bronze
direct memory access
I think the drug he is doing is called stubborn, he literally cannot admit he was wrong, I bet that he is going to say that he was joking, but you know he is serious.
Last time I checked wage increases at riot were incredibly low and prices for meat and cheese increased drastically since 2010. Not a good comparison.
It will be throughout unfortunately. Win two games for +34rr and lose a 13:11 game for -21rr
wall is kinda bad I agree...I think u should be able to stop it like Harbors wall...but since this could mean a free defuse I can see why it works the way it is now.

Maybe just a remodel of the wall would be better or let him have 2 bit that might be an overkill.
I'm the opposite. Once league started offering free skins through chest/keys, I stopped paying for stuff haha.
Om sorry ik this is a serious post but that image is hilarious
Iso main here. It just feels good playing him. Even better after the new patch.
wait, this took you 17 hours????



this artistic genius couldn't have taken any less than 17 months
you can buy smoke pick ne up and a frenzy which is a viable buy is alot of maps except for long ranged ones like lotus and breeze, oh wait, BREEZE IS GETTING REMOVED AHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH
Fuck did we do 💀
The crosshair placement and slicing the pie is impeccable.  Ascendant+?
Back up and play retake. Otherwise you can counter aggro from mid if you know they’re 5 stacking, and pinch them main
I love me some breach. Honestly, every time I play him, I use all the abilities, every round. They are just so easy to use, super fun agent
Ok, I’m currently level 8 I think so I’ll keep pushing through and grinding!
Patch notes said unrated so it’s probably a typo on the client side.
Ive played pearl, but im still rotating to B site from A so idk when i will be there so i can answer you
You know what I'd love to see now: Teams doing a GA that one certain round (idk which and if that would even work decently) is Shorty only.

Not meaning to discredit the effort, it's just meant to add onto the idea... If this is inappropriate, I'll delete.
Indeed, you can also see it on other Riot games like LoL with skins like jhin cosmic erasure at $300 or even now with Ahri at around $500, where you can see that they don't give a damn about making a reasonable price

 ( sorry if I'm going a bit out of Valorant's scope but it's to show a comparison of Riot games 😅).
lmao no, this isnt csgo
So release specter? Lmao
Bruh never say that shit again
I had a nice 10 game streak where it was constant throws, afks etc but regardless if someone is behind like that I try to stay positive in chat and voice comms and be nice and idk if it’s good karma or what my following games were all positive
Hey man, I don't know if he is better than u or not but I do think u need a better friend.
Beauty spray transfer on that last kill. And thank you for calling it a 5k, not an ace.
I think anyone can take spike as long as it's not the entry. Most vipers take bomb for lineups, but it really doesn't matter
>The whole point of KAY/O is to be an end all counter to all utility, no?

Definitely not all utility. Would be too OP that way.
My problem with ISO (same as Reyna) is that it feels like there's little skill ceiling to the agent. Any good duelist main can pick up the current ISO and pop off with him because he just allows you to be aggressive as fuck. You can dry peak into OPs without fear. You can contest common angles without jiggle peaking because you basically have 2 lives. Whereas agents like Neon Raze Jett they have a much higher skill ceiling. Their util doesn't just give you free kills. You have to know how to use it to take space and get beneficial 1v1s. If you haven't ever played Raze before you can't just pick her and drop 30. But with ISO as long as you have good aim you can play aggressive af and get so many kills. 
We all do 😭
Riot should pardon any players that received false afk offense. Like seriously it's not our fault
DAAANG 😩
As a secondary to Viper, he fucks
I mean as much as I'd like to tell somome " don't play the game" but what can we do
Damn that's impressive :0 ... Were any of your teammates annoyed btw ? *pew pew*
if thats active then jetts glide is active "because you have to press space"
he just doesn't fit in this game rn, the difference between iso and the other pre nerf agents (except maybe raze but she was 1000% worse to play against) was the fact that you can still 1 tap them, iso just doesn't allow that and punishes you for being good

like others said just letting you headshot him still but keep his shield for body/legs would be fine, actually a good middle ground unlike rn
>every comp game i play is either a hit or a miss, half of the time no one even has mics

This isn't the reason you're losing.  Do you think the opposing team all have mics or something? The game isn't rigged against you.

>i wont say im the greatest at the game, but i think im decent at it

You're not decent at all.  You're iron.  This means everything you have poor mechanics and understanding in every aspect of the game.  The sooner you realize that, the easier it is to fix it.

The best place to start is gunfight mechanics.  Learn it and practice.  And the most important part, play consistently.  If you're not applying what you learn, you're not going to learn anything.  There's no magical way to get better.
The real question is why your deadlock blocked site entry…
Asuna, Tenz, Zekken, Johnqt, FakeAnanas, nAts, Kanpeki would be a few i can think of right now that I would say always try their hardest and rarely goof around
when someone on the losing team is being toxic all game, i ignore them until the end and then hit them with “[agent] try aiming” right before it kicks everyone back to the lobby. 9/10 times they’ll instantly send you a friend request, and then you get to decline it and move on with your day in peace knowing you triggered an asshole
honestly, nothing demotivates me more to play ranked in a game than having to spend half of the season getting back to where i was.  

not to mention in lower elo's i feel like a good 40% of my games are decided by 'did we get *the reyna* this game, or did they?'
Chamber tp cooldown cut down to a third of its time? DEAL
>**Neopronouns (dukaisms)**  
>  
>  
Those forms are neologisms, originally created for a science fiction novel Perfect Imperfection by Jacek Dukaj (hence they are also known as “dukaisms”). It's a brand new grammatical gender used by post-human beings (phoebe) that don't have a specified gender.  
  
It's a consistent and relatively complete system, but for people who hear it for the first time, it might sound alien and “incorrect”. It's one of the most popular choices among nonbinary folks.

[https://zaimki.pl/english](https://zaimki.pl/english)
I think it's pretty funny when you meet people with names related to it. I've seen " I miss her more " on the enemy team meanwhile our Reyna is " I miss her " and I had a game when I had a " I miss him " and a " I miss her " in my game it was pretty funny until the I miss her started being sexist. 

Anyway, my name is Dumb and it's always funny when I see Dumber or Dumbest.
im a new player and had no idea you could walk through those iso walls wtfff
No. Many pro players do not care enough to even be ranked demons but are absolutely goated when they work well in a team and coach environment.
Gekko is cool, iso is shit, none used it in tournaments
WTF LOL nice
Yeah, I almost never have fun on Breeze. I don’t like icebox either but I’ve had more fun games on icebox compared to breeze.
I dont know what I was expecting but it was definitely not this lmao 10/10 tbh
I’ve had my name as I miss her for a year now, and The conversations I get into are amusing.
Bros Molly went to the shadow realm
they deranked on purpose. game thinks they're silver now. not matchmakings fault, if you only ever played against your peak rank that would be miserable for all parties involved.
Don't just be ashamed, [know](https://support-valorant.riotgames.com/hc/en-us/articles/360045132434-Checking-Your-Purchase-History)! Riot has made a few bucks from me as well friend, from Valo and LoL
Core valorant experience. Requeue!
idk
You. You could say the pattern was. Was defied. Haha
But can we swap lotus or icebox for split
Bro I used to diss people like you when I reached immortal for the first time. After being here for a while though, I've seen enough of these people to realize it's not a lie. 


As a percentage, it's not a large number. But these people are clueless and some of them don't even listen when I'm making the strats and they have to just follow. The worst part is they don't comm either, so it's like I'm talking to an NPC. And it all falls on deaf ears.
You'll only get the opinion of peoples that doesnt think its an issue here peoples that will argue that's its not a good thing will probably get banned, so what's the point of asking
Scrims is for experimenting… they’re not experimenting in the grand finals of a tournament my guy
The pro scene tends to favor movement duelists and taking fights together. 

This is why Phoenix, despite being theoretically very self-sufficient, sees almost no tournament play.

Iso sort of falls into that same problem where he still doesn’t have a way to get past a choke.
The gun models are pretty meh to me, but the reload animation and the rainy sky look amazing. Not buying though because I like my araxys.
no, i switched it to ads because i dont like focus except on the sheriff and ghost
so bassicly the tip is dont play iso
What about a temporary shield decay? A very short one, just long enough to make people scatter 
No no he is definitely thinking of someone
Do not play it, trust me, do not comeback
Ethical ...?
Never ask a man his salary


A woman her age


A valorant player why their clip ends after 4 kills
I would've insta-friended his ass
I’m surprised I haven’t seen this yet so I’ll mention it. I use mouse up for primary, mouse down for secondary and click on mouse wheel for knife. Hasn’t failed me yet. For me, keyboard buttons would take too long and I have a cheap mouse with no additional buttons so this works for me.
I guess it's similar for Sentinels like KJ and Cypher as defender. Usually u want to use all util which is quite expensive especially if you place it pre-round.
gg ez = good game easy (rubbing in your enemies face that it was an easy win)

mb = my bad

bm = bad manners

ks = kill steal (when someone steals a kill from teammate)

kd (or kda) = kill death (assists)

op = operator (can also mean overpowered)

ff = forfeit; voting to give up on the match

ads = aim down sights
They have 2 weeks to check reddit, laugh and then (hopefully) fix it before it comes to ranked.
When is this agent suppose to come out?
Bold of you to assume I talk to the degens of Valorant lmao /j
One game a guy wanted to ff because his mom needed him or he was going to go afk and the team actually went through with it. After it went through he started screaming about how his crush died while cheating on him and he’s going to the funeral 💀
I could barely do it before the nerf, like 1 in 20 on a good day
Mute all and aggressively take mid every round by myself. When I have throwers or toxic bottom frags I just aggro at what I’m afraid of/bad at in a serious match. 

Then mental reset and go next :)
Best part is that replay is already build in the engine valorant use
I have the exact same thing. Round 2 they're either leaving, becoming toxic or throwing... I haven't played a SINGLE chill/normal game. I feel like it's not the Act, it's the whole episode
Begging for skins is annoying as hell. I understand asking once or twice, but if you're asking me every round for a skin I'm going to mute you.
controllers and sentinels are usually the lurk players
probably some radiant/immortal that has worse gamesense/teamplay than the pros do
Hateful people. I don't understand how saying their NB is any different than announcing like their country of origin, doesn't change the game but it's cool lore + good for representation
Hoping that they gave the Phantom a non-default reload, I always feel a bit cheated when there's no spiced up animations for reloads on rifles in bundles this expensive.
Either way, beautiful bundle and probably the first I'll actually buy.
It seems a lot of people still aren't used to the fact that the Cypher trip does not go away anymore when triggered but not destroyed
Iso is just a bit of a dumb concept for this game, and Riot are finding out how hard it will be to make it make sense.
The clove created a one way for u lol, most clove players have never even played smokes.
When someone says "given my life to god" I thought something serious will come up like quitting drugs or somin not cheating in a video game😭\s
Welcome to Valorant, where the matchmaking system literally sucks.
Bye Viper lol. I think this is a Jett/Chamber level slaughter. If you're wondering why they did it she has something like an 85%\~ pickrate in pro play on top of something like 65% WR. It was ridiculous, so, they killed her. I wonder if she's still even gonna be playable on Breeze and Icebox.

The Cypher changes are good but for the cam, he was starting to overtake KJ a bit too much, so they brought him down a peg, that's fine. The cam changes are a bit too far though and I think messes with his info too much. They brought up that Cypher is the info sentinel and KJ is the stall one, so they nerfed his stall a bit cause it was too high, fair, but why nerf his info as well?
Yes. I deranked from D3 to G1.
It has an effective range of like 3 feet.
They’re just giving an early sneak peek into the agent changes I believe. The post is on twitter.
That absolutely is the reason why. 1000%. The problem is that Viper’s adaptability is just too good in Pro Play. It’s the same with Reyna’s ability to be ultra aggressive in ranked.
Jesus tell your work to transfer your paycheck directly to riot, saves you the hassle
Tencent has a significant investment in riot games. It was for sure gonna launch in china
In CSGO, Fnatic did a glitch called now the "olofboost" which allowed them to stack 3 people to see above the ceiling of the map, and since it was a vertical map (overpass), the entire lower side of the map was visible.

The glitch had been found and posted to youtube and after taking knowledge of it, Fnatic's manager at the time asked the guy to delete his youtube video so that no one would know it. It became a meme now that everytime someone discover a new trick like that, Fnatic's manager would ask for it to be deleted
Definitely. As soon as somebody is on a slightly different elevation, all of a sudden you can’t shoot them because angle snapping will not let you move your crosshair up or down. Hurts more than it helps
I think blind ulting/opping into an Iso should be punished, tbh. 
 
His entire kit is about taking advantaged 1v1s, his name is literally Iso, as in isolate. Isolating yourself into him is virtually the most obviously poor decision imaginable.
Pretty sure you shot to earliy, if you wouldve aimed at the body then it wouldve been a kill anyway and u take away some of the risk of missing that shot.
Note to every player: do not under any circumstances spam tab while holding an angled
i killed an ulting viper on complete accident with an uncharged satchel once. funniest shit i’ve ever experienced in my life
Bro it shows who is queued together there, neither of your queue partners are silver, only the cypher. And you are not Silver 1.
I dodge whenever it's Breeze. You're welcome
This gotta be bronze 1-2. I expected the smoke + dash in, but you UPDRAFT + dash in, which is also fine if you go TOP Generator….But you went to the right WITHOUT A SMOKE i dont know how cypher didnt kill you lmao. That’s why i think its bronze
He did say save the vandal, which is generally a good play in the circumstance he said
She got the 2D one and made a blink-and-you'll-miss-it cameo in the China launch one
I would never buy head hunter rounds with 10s between shots.
some guy drunk off his ass. He top fragged though so can't complain
- “MATCH FOUND” font change
- Fade and Harbor portraits are now hideous
- Critical HP flashing reverted to Beta version
- All portraits zoomed in for no reason

The fuck was this patch even for??
That’s exactly how it is. You can’t use KP while the agents event is still going on.
Playing on PC, please don't let it ruin the experience. Mute at the first sign of toxicity.
You misunderstand, when people play osu they guide the cursor with their mouse but “click” with the keyboard, so not so different than this guy using his keyboard to shoot.
Some people have fun grinding to improve and reach their ranked goals, some people just play to have fun without a care in the world. Ive just accepted I'll always be hard stuck diamond. I'm too old and don't have the time or motivation to improve. As long as you have fun playing the game that should be all that matters regardless of what rank you are.
And stop complaining about the guys who complain its just a game :D
her walls should do damage again
MMOFPS refers to the genre/niche of games that Warframe and Destiny 2 are in.
kuronami was leaked a long time ago, so yeah youre probably right
Reporting with a ticket requires a report in-game to have been made. So only times they have been punished and it wasn't obvious through them killing with abilities, was after I've sent in a ticket with video evidence. It requires human verification to determine if we're dealing with our average iron player vs an actual troll, unfortunately.
It’s not even good content, not sure how it’s appealing to watch. Whoa a top .1% player is shitstomping players significantly less skilled than them who would have thought!

The worst is when they play under the guise of “anyone can hit radiant and I’ll prove it!”. Like wow colour me surprised you have 10K hours across your FPS career and you manage to get to your actual rank.

The worst is when a signed professional does it. Imagine a professional NBA player tearing through every league from high school sports to university, to amateur league. It’s idiotic.
Cry in the corner
No but what they listed is what qualifiers the ACE banner + announcement to appear
The retake cinematic’s depiction was 😩🤌
next time just follow him when he decides to lurk as a duelist. i mean, that's his job to go first, it just doesn't specify where to go right
Part of the reason is that there’s a lot of players who are women, and there’s a lot of men who are sexist.
He peaked in plastic
i swear they changed some UI elements too
It's not just getting shot in the back it's finghting agains 4 people at the same time constantly, 2 in front that for some reasons they don't see eachother, but see me, one that is coming from right or left and another one that comes from behind
Last week I logged in to play a comp game - not only was it breeze (my least favorite map) but right when ww loaded in, one of our players told us that he had a meeting in 20 minutes and hoped the game would finish by then

Lo and behold, 20 minutes later he went AFK and we lost. I legit could not believe someone could be that selfish
Doing god's work out here. You should make a post so more people know
I am sure they atleast have a replay system
there is sbmm in unrated. The elo range is higher than in comp but there is
Through the fire at 8hp is a bold move
Wait she cant pick up bomb mid slide?
well atleast riot statement of "we want to make skins for possibility" is going good
Getting the attack side to use 3 pieces of util - and in a way where they got 0 benefit - isn’t something I would call “doing nothing” with their trip.
Always been like this since beta 

I've never told anyone because it causes pain.
If Iran and op yes, but make them buy you your preferred gun first
I mean they created an issue for themselves by creating a smoke that is a literal wall that can be used at any time. 

The problem is that her wall creates the constant “what if” scenario during rounds on attack. Riot needs to either double down on that, or break up the way her wall works. 

If they double down I think all controllers should be able to throw down 3 smokes at one time. 2 are typically used for site entry, that would leave one for the lurking smoke that Viper provides. 

If they want to change up her gameplay, experiment with CS2 like smokes on her wall where projectiles and bullets creates vision OR just allow player the ability to shot the wall markers and break it. 

It’ll take some serious reworking to change her importance in a team based environment.
[context for those who havent seen it yet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b91jJ7HNsXQ)
No this is wrong, if you look at OP's health bar during the clip no damage is done to their oversheild, and they only take damage to their regular health.
For all of Riot's faults, they do seem the know the long term value of a game's integrity.
I'm sure they will fix the problem by giving us more overpriced skins.
The road is longer. Immortals would drop 40-50 kills in a real iron lobby. Radiants wouldn’t drop those numbers in an immortal lobby normally. It’s just once you’re already in the top 1% of players, the things you have to improve on become much more difficult to do quickly. A lot of it is to do with decision making and so many other “intangibles”.
That's what happens if someone uses Odin lol, my teammate had vandal, killed an enemy who had Odin, and then picked it up, and killed his 2 teammates who were left, and then called him a rat for picking up HIS Odin and kills HIS teammates with it😂
Yes that's what his name stands for (I)canthear(S)hit(O)uttamyears. ISO
I just went back and watched it (6:06:16 youtube stream) - bro was taking a picture and accidentally locked his phone, this ss is of him turning it back on 💀💀💀
buy stuff, ka ching, lil skrrrtt, then we're done, yea? 

best.
voice.
line.

(phoenix has the best voice lines imo)
To vent. Alot of people get on when they are stressed to relax and when they find anything that is remotely irratble they will snap.
You go into comms and ask your team to use util
Exactly, I’m gold 3 and what I see a lot of is even if you have good aim if you don’t use your abilities then your not really helping the team and if your team dies and it’s a 1v5 your not gonna ace every round
Not asking if you are involved with viewing the esports scene and then asking if you can name a team with a female rep is definitely going to lead to manipulated data
Wowwww so much info in details thanks !!!it will help me as an low rank player
id rather kill myself than reread any of this
You can blame u/constant_stock_6020 for this.
I want a cool outlaw skin
I keep hearing this in this sub but I've played in SEA and NA servers. People are usually cool. Hardly get douchebags
I think you are right. I thought it was behind the thrown smoke at first but it does look like that. You can see the light all around the back of the barrel but nothing in front
Now you get destroyed by platinum players and remissness about your days in Silver.

This is where I am.
in my opinion: people equate judge and even odin gameplay to no-skill in a game where there is a decent amount of skill expression otherwise through one taps, flicks, util outplays. 

Im under the impression that you should play to win by any means necessary. judge & odin are good and mentally break the enemy team, keep doing what finds you success.
when i saw cypher's buff i thought it meant it would rearm his trips after a couple seconds of downtime/delay. would make more sense to me and wpuld fix most of the complaints about him imo
Orange mystbloom phantom goes hard with breach
It’s good for the team mental, but if the first four kills are backshots, it’s not a big deal. People might care if it’s a really clean or insane ace like a 1v5.
Yes. In exchange he has the most vision denial on the roster.

Harbor is not meant to be a clutch agent. He is the closest controller to an initiator hybrid. His role is to be aggressive taking space and then hold that space. It’s ok if he died. Someone else can clutch.

Not all controllers need to play the same play style. That was a pretty clear message with Harbor and hopefully it’s resonating with you since Clove’s release.
OG stinger wasn't just underrated it was straight up broken
Winning pistols and not buying is so dumb. Literally giving the other team a chance to win a round. Why even the odds for the other team?
so many people forget about that even though its literally like… the main point of his smokes not being a map like clove or brims. he can control the height and they drift down.

learning the timing, on the other hand…
You dare use my own spell against me, Potter?
Bro cooked
duo qing+ helps you rank up. solo queuing helps you improve.
If you get good with controller, you can get carried most of the time so no/s
1. use util that would break trips such as sova shock dart, raze nade
2. use util that could scout out trips such as sova drone, skye dog, so u know where the trip is and can break it
3. go to another site where the cypher isn't set up
Have you experienced A D A D SMGs in CS2 though? It's a different beast than CSGO.

I had no problem with CSGO but man, every once in a while I get bodied in CS2 without hitting a single shot by one of those fuckers
theyre all like that. the long ass wukong staff is just a short little wand in third person. the arcade melee with the special fist design will look like the first variant of the skin. unupgraded too.
I fear no man. But that…Thing…it scares me.
I was so confused until i looked at hotkeys
Think I saw someone say the other day it’s been like 5 games out of 200+ that he’s been duo for, but I don’t have any actual info other than “think I saw someone say”
it’s gorgeous, the finisher is so pretty and the knife/sword with the buddy looks so clean. i managed to skip RGX but still hurting from evori.. time to hurt again
Is there a satchel sound at 5 seconds at the tail end of the nade?
Got +30rr after that
I just tried this to confirm your theory. Honestly never saw this coming. I'm pretty sure this is against riot terms of service and is bannable. He will probably address this at some point.
Breach....
The low elo 5 stack actually tried to play after Woohoojin ended stream. Believe it or not, the bot team matched against them a third time in a row. It’s ridiculous
How would they find ur name out tho
Obviously new player since they also haven't unlocked every agent yet as per the OP.
Because Reina already is bad. Doesn't need a nerf, it needs a rework
This is the best post this subreddit has ever seen.
Good shit but honestly your gym workouts would probably go a lot smoother if you didn't bring the kid with you every time!
I think you're right. Insane bug because Reyna is just a counter to his ult in that case.
Use phoenix ult to ask girls out. 
Get rejected.
Respawn to fight another day.
i started playing val with the console release but i felt this in my soul. 2 days ago i was cooking and top fragging but yesterday for half the games it felt like i forgot how to play first person shooters and i was bottom fragging lol. its crazy
i assume it has to be the "no talking = it a girl" cause well my female friend dun vc to public at all, only in party
I never understood blaming or yelling at the bottom frag , the only thing that is gonna do is make them play worse .
This literally happens with like every agent that comes out for the first week and then everyone reverts back to their original mains after finding out they play like shit
If they got to that rank playing shotguns only then its fine IMO.  There are judge only immortal+ players.

Playing shotgun only is viable but you need to have very good game sense, mental game, positioning, rotations, etc.
Don’t know why the correct answers are downvoted and the wrong ones got upvoted, but the cabbages are only visible to the enemy once it has LOS on the target it’s chasing, otherwise it is invisible
You did
Sometimes i think the same and i just take a break, then i play CS with a buddy and realize that the community can get much worse. Val pales in comparison to what you'd experience in CS, but seems like the genre is filled with these people.
“Reload!” Dumbledore said calmly
I shot sumwun (myself)
[deleted]
West Jett is just popular among the 15 year old edgy anti sjw side of Valorant players.  People who instalock Reyna and say the n word as a joke no context included.  He’s the half joking type of person who will be joking when it’s convenient but “serious” when it’s convenient.
That snowball cannon you sometimes get in escalation.
Literally just delete and stop responding it's not that deep
"just kidding" 💀 Just imagining it is making me cringe, don't get me wrong it's hilarious but I think I would've died from embarrassment if this happened to me lmao
It can but if youre always saving them for post plants and not for clearing angles when fighting for space then it can be a waste
Its like asking can you build muscle wiithout going to gym.

The answer is yes, its just not optimal and more difficult.
Two heaven, one hell, footsteps tree. Dog in, and plant dice, I have a molly lineup
That's the whole point, I want to make people regret asking me personal questions in the middle of a game
It should hit. unless you have connection issues i suppose
Chamber

Love the character. Hate the gameplay
i think a second crouch grenade would go a long way in making her feel more valuable to play. After wall goes down you don’t really have much to do or play around as it is especially if their not pushing where you have your sound sensors. Would make her a lot better to play on retakes especially
He's hard coping and it's fun to watch
Woah
KAY/O even says "Bet you didn't see a can opener do that!"
Omen cause imagine teleporting to anywhere in the world.
Rank Up: Plastic 2
To steal the thunder from the winning dude with the most deaths who was about to type “gg ez.”
you must have a bac of over 0.025 when you drink
TDM being on its own maps instead of the normal ones was a missed opportunity.
Kinda, when you know that money can be used for something else but not really at the same time. I bought the skins cause I liked them and the feeling of buying your first ever skin is something I don't regret at all. Think of it like this, if you enjoy this game as a hobby, then it's like you are investing in it to still make you happy. So I just invested in a hobby, that's all xD
Yes
When will people learn that healer isn’t a role in Valorant?
Reloading animation is so fucking good
A couple days ago someone found proof that someone else played on woohoojins account while it was at its peak rr.

He maintains that while his stream account was boosted, he has a "secret radiant account" that he doesn't want to show off.

A big part of his schtick was "because I'm radiant, I know how radiants think and can help you."
Just want to add a silly thing I noticed. I played against [this guy](https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/i%20luv%20brianna%234KT/overview?playlist=competitive) the other day who's MVP almost every single game, but not getting double or triple ranks like I would if I were to perform that well in this ELO. I was D3 last act and placed G2 on the reset, but got multiple ranks after a few games of playing well to bring me back up closer to diamond. How come this guy isn't? He'll technically be in my ELO for the next 20 games, like his last 20. Are multiple rank ups not a thing for fresh smurf accounts with no previous acts?
I’m ascendant, start of reset is usually REALLY good valorant matches, the reason why is play is everyone working together to win. These children have no place in this game in ranked
ascent boathouse is honestly the worst spawn of them all, you'll spawn there, get off site and bam someone else already spawned in boathouse
Actually they’ll get me out of that situation so I don’t have to watch my character get slaughtered
Not your fault, but the thumbnail ended with, "Would it be wrong to eat my sister's..." And I got very concerned for a second (knowing Valorant players)
Got you killed so he could pull those sick shots.
most viper players put wall down pre round on defense no matter the map (myself including) most people know where you’re gonna be putting the wall anyway so it doesn’t matter much
if your teammate didn’t like it they could’ve played viper instead🤷🏻‍♀️ just my opinion
…..no, he’s objectively either the worst or second worst, probably the worst consider how good solo viper is on breeze and icebox. Harbour is designed to be a secondary controller, if you look at pros the only time he’s used is with viper and basically only viper. He has a lot of smokes but they don’t last that long, AND he has no other useful util
Astra and Ace?! Never seen tht combo
Does he know
You take more time to aim wit the guardian, thinking each shot matters more.
There is a cool trick where u can pick jett and updraft from the start to the finish in a solid 10.699s
THIRD TIME REPOSTING because now this is the full trailer not just an insta clip💀  
  
New Bundle: Evori Dreamwings  
  
Will Include:  
  
▪️ Vandal  
  
▪️ Spectre  
  
▪️ Odin  
  
▪️ Ghost  
  
▪️ Melee
This is called SignalRGB, I saw this exact video on TikTok. Funny enough I ended up using it to sync my rgb devices with all of the free effects they provide instead of this integration stuff.
Probably like "Imagine me being on the other team against you guys, it's not even fun for me and it's definitely not fun for you"
Wow for a second I thought you were saying that not daring to speak because of harrasment is cringe.

I understood you on the second read
in overwatch, I was Mcree, good aim, steady hand, the best

then some day, phone ring

OW dead

no

I go valolrant

I cry no mcree

now finally, I be mcree again

me happy
> You used to be able to use your mic in the load screen

Definitely better to not do that since you have no way to mute your teammates
Make them bark for it next time.
i learned to stop the copium. im in my elo because i deserve to be. it’s not my teammates, it’s always me. if i win, it’s me. if i lose, it’s me(excluding the games we got stomped. if we got stomped 1-13/2-13 it’s a team diff). i learned to take responsibility of my own mistakes and stop the mindset of “THEY should’ve”
Yo someone should test that as well wow
This guy's the main character
I've been ranking hard using DL. No one knows how to play around her lol. People just run in and get stunned and I get a free kill.
Cocaine bear
“Going Asshole” - Astra
Save yourself the trouble and just play TDM for a warmup.
You forgot me: on the way down
Most significant reddit commenter
Nope its like harbors "glove"
Looks like they are trying to miss lol
if you're in bronze, it doesn't matter if it's "the best way to improve aim", literally anything to improve your aim is good enough. This like like a 600 pound guy saying "idk if this is actually the healthiest vegetable to eat"
bro this isnt even "bad gameplay" this is like actually horrible
Bro what do u not get u need to buy skins to get better bro not actively training mechanics
They do bans in waves to make it harder for cheaters to detect what flagged Vanguard. If he was obviously aim botting, he will get banned.
one day
As per the last point isn’t riot an American company? Wouldn’t that mean things are done on American working times?
Yes TT, SOMETIMES WHEN THEY WALK THEY ACCIDENTALLY TAKE THE SPIKE WHICH DRIVE ME CRAZY
Playing on LAN is probably far more impactful than reaction time
Best round 2 gun in the game
Sometimes a win on breeze just feels like a loss tbh
went b
This is the way
He did mention it's a nitpick. It's a good QOL change
I say let them cook
It is another strong hint, though it's possible that all it's referencing is that Omen is Iso's next target.
They seem to have been covering the most popular/''exclusive'' feeling knife types, so if I had to put money on the line I'd bet on either...

* Champions Blade
* Champions Katana
* Champions Scythe
Maybe cause people spam it
Sugar spice and nice?
Man Valorant fanart fucks, you guys are insanely talented
probably more likely the account is used by multiple people, one of whom is smurfing. Hard smurfing. Generally hackers tend to have crazier KD in my experience.
It’s called showdown and you could only get it through watching valorant on afreeca under beta
Damn homie inhaled the entire canister of copium.
That shit is wild.
Don’t listen to them, OP keep buying valorant skins and boosting them to diamond, you’ll get one eventually
The real mvp of this match was the kj who said ‘l o l’ in an indian accent
Or just not a try hard/ trying to have fun. Chill.
These skins really lack character. They’re not bad, but it’s just bright color…

I do love the sprays tho. Especially the Jett in smokes
"Raze satchels undermine tactical gameplay"

"Neon is now an apex legends character, fuck you"
pls never cook again
40-20-40
ngl, as a non-native english speaker who already interchanges the pronouns and has issues with the TH sound, i would probably default to name or just the one that rolls of my tongue. T\_T
What you did was empty every bullet from every gun on the map
Ascent has the most stale meta of any map. It needs a rework for more agent variety.
the idea was nice but next time try not making noise so they don't know it could be fake
Right sholder
Pretty nice - maybe we get it during CNY lol
I love reminding people that I’m terrible and they are the same rank as me (the terrible guy)
I was gonna say it was mid until i saw that upgraded version, god dayum
Its so dumb how they keep nerfing one person to make the rest seem like a better option like thats so dumb
it already here in SEA, I GOT ION VANDOL 30% discount im so HAPPY T\_T
Gekko is pretty easy to play, it's harder to flash teammates so they won't flame you and overall is a pretty fun agent
me omw to use a shorty to fight “1 hp” enemies cus its more likely to hit (real)
Better than Yoru 5v5. 5 fucking clones. TP sound everywhere. Everyone ults and no one sees anyone.
Should we have 5yr old e sports comp
Reyna is just very frustrating to play against as well imo. Having a chance to go invulnerable and/or invisible in an FPS with such short TTK seems very unhealthy. I felt this when I switched over from CSGO and I still feel this now occasionally.
I think that while rank goes up and down it doesn't lie. Diamond with Operator is still diamond.

If he is serious about getting rifle to a better level he likely needs to take a long pause from the Op, let rank and mmr drop so that it reflects the performance without Op and then just grind relevant drills and comp until morale improves.
Call that Stockholm Syndrome
It’s stronger than you think compared to pc, but fairly balanced (in my opinion). I just feel that a pc user who struggles with aim and has good game sense might place slightly better than normal (assuming they can some what play console games)
The fact that it’s enforced in unrated and swiftplay too is extremely stupid
I ended silver 2 58rr,  act peaked silver 3 90rr and placed iron 3 it felt like a gut punch to all the progress it felt like I had made last act.
In my last game a buddy of mine comm’ed that there were 2 trying to enter B on Ascent behind an Omen smoke so I fired a single vandal shot through it to slow them down. It ended up hitting collateral headshots killing 2 enemies. I was probably reported for that.
The devil will be in the detail, but I hope there's an increase to daily missions and xp to not have the battle pass feel like such a grind.

Also will be interesting if the kingdom points cap will be intentionally low to have you in a constant state of grinding to unlock. I hope it's all reasonable.
Least favorite Jollztv, all his personality is about him peaking radiant once in ep3 and then right now for  2games.  
Charging absurd amount of money for coaching which is literally him saying generic stuff. This guy is 30years old and is full of himself, thinking he's the most good looking and the best player in the game.

Favorite would be s0m or tarik for obvious reasons. They are actually good at the game while being entertaining.
OH SHIT SHE'S ON REDDIT
2021 (Die for You) and 23 (Ticking Away) were both bangers.

Next year, then!
BEHK! LEIK AH NEHVHER LEFT!
He's 9. This is a riot esport. He literally won't be able to play pro for almost a decade. If he wants to, he should definitely keep playing and improving but it really isn't something to worry about for many years. Who knows if valorant will even still be relevant/lucrative in 9 years. If a new fps esport with a different publisher blows up in the near future, then maybe it's something to think about if he's still grinding hard and playing that new game at a near pro level.
I noticed that when I was making it, but I don’t k ow where I could add another entrance that wouldn’t make fights weird. There is also the option to push through mid. But it’s not unheard of to be like this. For examples ascent B site you either need to get past defenders or push through mid
Man I saw the title "Broke both your arms?" and I thought this was going to go in a very different direction until I saw the sub.
as a sage player, im finding it very funny that the first thing that makes sage better, isnt a sage buff.

the literal first "sage buff" was just a nerf to the base game itself... sage is actually immune to agent buffs lmao

jokes aside, i dont think the ammo changes will be that bad. u do need to mind ur ammo usage, but i dont think it will change that much. it will lessen random smoke sprays, lessen wallbangs which is a problem tbh...

i just hope it doesnt make sage to strong, i do not want my abilities changed yet again. a nice thing tho is that now, ppl are less likely to destory the entire wall,meaning u can use it against a bigger crowd now. currently a wall vs 3+ppl is literally uselss.
I mean... They did remove pearl after like 2 weeks so let's not jump to conclusions.
Well that’s unfortunate. 
I’m glad they “ban” new maps from competitive for the first 2 weeks.
What if they just got rid of radianite and we got what we paid for without needing to pay more to actually get the skins as advertised? Wild concept, amirite? Rito would never.
Breach is actually super underrated - his entire kit is very good for taking site and clearing angles. though he does requires a lot more team coordination to capitalize his utility. But the lack of info gathering util does still make him weaker than Fade in my opinion.
I main omen i ranked up like a 🚀 after understanding that it is ok to risk your life (in game) with your tp’s 

Also the controller role is the hardest role in this game you should always communicate with your team mates.. do you want a one way? Or when should i smoke chamber? (while he is holding an op) or kj i will smoke wide for you so you can play judge inside the smoke .. etc 

Last one: remember you have flash use it every round for your team dont save it please
Am I the only one who on first impression is disapointed by this agent in terms of thematic/design. Most valorant agents have a very clear gimmick/theme or identity that u can basically immediately pickup from their visuals but this girl isn’t really giving me anything. She was teased with thread/cables as her schtick but outside of her ultimate I don’t really get that at all? Her trap and grenade have net/line visuals but it just isn’t connecting for me. And any sort of rope theme is lost in her character design which is kind of just generic shooter girl. I had very high hopes for a thread themed character, climbing or spider imagery would be an obvious direction but Val isn’t one for subtley, perhaps I set my expectations too high.
Yeah, if you go to press practice in the menu you also no longer get the options for spike defusal and planting scenarios, so I'm thinking it's an intentional change on Riot's part
the entire battlepass is criminal
My personal favorite that I’ve come across is Lana Del Spray lol
W warmup
That was not a flick but gj nonetheless
The biggest reason i Only play Valorant right here, they take us seriously.

This is what giving a damn about your own game looks like.

Someone who came from csgo like me really appreciate what they do for us. 

Thank you Riot for giving us a game with integrity, honorable moves in my opinion👍
I feel like you aren’t old enough to be playing this game
Don't the skins all change based on if you're on attack or defense? I guess that's what classifies it as a higher tier skin that makes them cost what they do.
Kinda sad that the spike defuse option in the range is gone. I liked going in there and warming up while I waited for people to log on.
In silver I don't remember more than a handful good Phoenix players
*Ultra futuristic robot preventing people from literally using their mostly magical abilities* anyway here’s some real life logic
cypher buff go ham
Every agent has been one-tricked to Radiant. This game is largely determined by your gunfights and not your utility. However, most other Sentinels find it much easier to secure kills with their utility compared to Deadlock. 

If you insist on playing her, your progress and competitive growth may be slower than if you played a trad sentinel, but it's certainly not *impossible*. I personally think gravnet + nade is an insane combo that should be abused way more.
One isn't learning one agent faster than it takes to unlock the next. 

Grinding serves a purpose getting players invested into the game and it really isn't that bad at all.
All brimstone mains have undeniable respect in my book. Although riot really needs to rework the stim beacon. Make it so that there is a slight heal or some extra health (kinda like overheal). That would be an unreal change.
Because Riot is lazy? 

Someone smarter than me can probably explain how difficult that would be from a detection standpoint and how some people could learn how to “look” like a hacker to avoid deranking but in my mind it’s that they don’t care. 

It’s not riots MMR it’s yours, it doesn’t affect them.
Introducing Deadlock:

**Possible** Abilities   


***GravNet (C):*** *EQUIP a GravNet grenade. FIRE to throw. ALT FIRE to lob the grenade underhand. The GravNet detonates upon landing, forcing any enemies caught within to crouch and move slowly.*  
***Sonic Sensor (Q):*** *EQUIP a Sonic Sensor. FIRE to deploy. The sensor monitors an area for enemies making sounds. It concusses that area if footsteps, weapons fire, or significant noise are detected.*  
***Barrier Mesh (E):*** *EQUIP a Barrier Mesh disc. FIRE to throw forward. Upon landing, the disc generates barriers from the origin point that block character movement.*  
***Annihilation (X):*** *EQUIP a Nanowire Accelerator. FIRE to unleash a pulse of nanowires that captures the first enemy contacted. The cocooned enemy is pulled along a nanowire path and will die if they reach the end, unless they are freed. The nanowire cocoon is destructible.*

This is all information I have found online, I am not confirming it to be true.
Utility and other chip damage doesn't exist
it is easier to unlock agents in my opinion but harder to get their stuff
Everyone should have a sit down voiceline
Enemy omen trying his hardest to explain himself
I can already see teammates getting thrown off the map by raze and breach
I would say yes. I felt as though you could've killed him without knives.

You have 4,900 creds, and could buy one or two teammates next round (if needed) and just pop knives which would've been a lot more impactful than a kill like that.
Yeah, even in mid elo this is the one I see 95% of the time
Exactly. That's how I do it. I'm between bronze and silver since episode 1. Still playing because it's fun and I'm still hoping I'll climb higher some day.
Ya cyphers ult is not that good but it's cheap and can be used with a still less coordinated team and I think thats what making it 6 could do but I could also be wrong and he became insanely broken all the sudden
How many games have you played dude? An 80% winrate wtf? Thats not good, thats insane (if you have played over 30-40+ games)
Riot Games artists never ceases to impress me. This character looks so cool.
You THINK you know his real name...
Peaked Radiant here, haven't touched the game for 6 months cuz I have work, wife, and kids. I am still actively coaching, so I'm still up to date with the game. Immortal and Radiant lobbies are different. Most players in Radiant are very chill, joke around, and don't get butthurt when losing (Unless someone obviously doesn't belong in the lobby... encountered around 3-5 boosted/bought accounts in my 2 years of Valorant). Playstyle... I noticed back then most of my games are quite fast paced. I actually don't know what stereotypes is circulating around about high elos, I would like to know.
that flick on the omen tho
The buddy just takes your peak rank during the episode.
I'm high elo in LoL, and I have a policy about how to speak to my bronze/silver/gold friends.  

If they're trying to climb elo, like really trying, I'll pull no punches, I'll tell you why you're trash, I'll nitpick the shit out of your play  

If you're playing for fun, you're good, you play very good for you elo, you go tiger, next faker.
38 here, 2 kids, and still play, still solo play a decent amount. If not solo I play with my 39 year old cousin and 36 year old brother, both father's themselves.
enemies against my teamates vs enemies against me
Not personally, he’d retired before I made it to T1 but he was a big inspiration for me
you’re a teacher and you don’t know the difference between passion and compassion?
Did you play during the chamber era? Mf was god tier. Lowkey miss it
Riot isnt that generous Lol
Iso the concept is just not good for this kind of game.
Good crosshair pleacement, general good gamesense and awareness,  
but you look surprised everytime you get a kill, ALSO you move your mouse a lot after that almost like you dont really know what to do next, but then proceeds to look at the right place.  
in a higher rank this can cost you A LOT, because people will be ready to trade you.. and if you are not ready you will get traded and destroyed everytime.

i would have said max Plat, but i saw the ans already..
how do they see you if they're holding market?
I can’t believe “Swamp Grenade” is not the top comment
Yeah okay you can copy my homework bro, but just make it look different okay...promise? 

Don't worry, I promise bro, I'll change the letters A and B around, no one will even know.
A lot of the people enjoy gaming when they manage to defeat their opponents, because the satisfaction of a hard win is a huge sensation. I've started playing a couple years ago for fun only, but after a couple of weeks I realized I wanted to get better and face the best opponents I could. Well, now I'm grinding for Immortal cause I started practicing and understanding the game once I understood that I liked it. Also, if i'm being honest, competitive games are so much fun when everyone knows what they're actually doing and everyone is at least trying to cooperate. That's the real fun of the game for me
ISO ult is supposed to be a 'fair' fight, minus the two pillars. It would break the theme of a 'no distractions' 1v1 if ISO could suck in an enemy gasping for air and push them over, instead of having the absolute confidence to dismiss everything and take a fair fight because he's so confident he will win.
Sounds like aimlabs or the firing range would be better for what you're trying to achieve
It doesn’t seem like you’ve listened to his lines?

He’s confident, but just not as in your face about it. I’m glad there’s some variety in the game. Every duelist having the same over the top confidence and personality would be boring.
I mean if youre against equally matches opponents in a 1v3 and have shit econ saving is the correct play.
'hope you 0/1 irl' was about the most toxic one I've seen so far but also kinda funny lmao. Best part is that the dude got banned when I reporter him. At least he gave me a nice chuckle.
Most lines seem to be recorded separately but has there ever been an instance where multiple voice actors got together for recording? Or have they ever met outside of work?
you seem to be happy in your life and you have accomplished great things, don't come back to Valorant then
we do a little info denial
Check in on his mental health. Valorant makes me borderline suicidal and your buddy may be going through the same thing
….

I hate you for planting this seed
Fall damage doesn't break it though
THIS ! 
I mean it's a team game, fucking talk. It's okay to lose but not talking completely drives me insane.
At least in ranked.
I miss eggwick
Back in beta a lot of people called the sand going up to hookah mid but I think that time has long passed
If it's soloq, lot of times you won't be protected.
typical viper main. (I’m a viper main)
bros are not planting in a 3v2
GOOD - This reddit community needs to take note. 

Do you know how many times people in here say just mute the person being  racist  or sexist - literally enabling them to do it to someone else. Id go fucking further and hardware ban clear examples of  repeat bigotry
She's an offensive sentinel. On the defence side her wall is ok, but shines on the offensive
valorant only says attacker and defender. if you have no cs background, the callout is gibberish to you
I ate it myb
Just because you have utility doesn't mean you need to always use it... I make the enemy breach think I'm main or ct and playing time, why should i use cages for? The moment he dropped from rafters the round was over (unless i get a random shot or i whiff)
Yes, should report botting, its mainly for xp
Lmao Apex ranked is kinda a joke, they purposely put like 1/3 of the lobby 2 tiers lower kinda like a shitter filter to make sure you perform at your rank. You can just grind out with mid placements and get fairly high up. The game is also dying a bit so its a bit easier to get predator, the 2nd/3rd tier of players decreased a lot switched to other games and cheaters took their spot. Gold is still a rank where you can out aim everyone and carry on any role.
Overwatch players watching everything in slow motion as they are trained to shooting targets teleporting, dashing, flying, double jumping, wall riding and speed boosting.
Cypher's omniscience is annoying
if the cheater gets banned, their party also gets a ban, it’s lighter but iirc still a hardware ban
The good ending I guess
Well I have some good news for you. It's coming back
OP took a break from leading the Fantastic 4 to play some Val.
Be the change you want to see in the world 🫵🫵🫵 (or something like that idk)
Hell yeahhhh great ace 

gonna say

if my duelist gets clapped by sheriff like that id simply not walk in there after them

rip kj
when you default and play for space, trip sentinel is commonly opposite side (especially in pro play)
Basically only on pistol or if we lose pistol. The only sidearm I usually buy after that is Shorty.
Reyna. Mostly cause it's just annoying playing nearly every game with a Reyna on each team. Wish the game allowed for more creative teams. I understand some agents and pros and cons on each map but, it happens often enough in my lobbies where someone is picking and they get asked to play someone else.
Not if everyone has it lol it’s only “op” compared to mouse aiming, which nobody on console is using or playing against
Yeahh surely they're named after the rolls royce and not after different types of spirits.
How much fucking val did you play to face that ult FOURTEEN times in two days?
Reveal area
I am a bit confused, what was the part with Viper(I am impaired without subs) 

Did she intentionally continue the process that led to Omen's death? Also did the guy die at the end, he seemed to turn to ashes
Bro is warming up his cyberbully tech
This was obviously player error
Viper is the only character that does what she does and uer pick rate is also significantly higher than the others and is one of the highest pickrates we've seen of any character. For jett vs raze it comes down to map and team comfort and they act as counterparts to each other. For omen vs brim and astra its an omen favoured map pool (having no pearl or fracture) and they compete for the same spot its just whoever is best. But theres no viper alternative and what she does in terms of the amount of effective util she provides is insane.
sounds like the patch just failed to include those sound files for whatever reason. You should re-install and see if that fixes it
bro got cucked in val that’s crazy
Have fun! 


I wonder if the console population is gonna be less sweaty overall? I know there are crazy good players on both platforms, but I feel like proportionally there would be more average joes on console.
I think they didn’t know you shot wingman
Congrats welcome to the party, we have refreshments
TBH I don't think it's fair to say people are refusing to get better. The problem is most people don't know where to start because each person is different in what they need to practice. Everybody just tells them to keep playing or play DMs or go into the range, but then what? 0 guidance in this community and all toxicity.
Also Iso seemed more calm and composed to be than "boring". Which fairly suits his personality.
To add, use it proactively. It can actually be really handy to soft clear corners when you know an enemy is there or to stun an enemy when you can predict that they're about to trade a duel
a person is smart, people are dumb

doesn’t matter what you play, valorant, cs, league, overwatch, you’re going to have below average bonobos on your team consistently
As a use to be omen main, ive also switched from him to clove so i think theres a similar theme where the veteran omens have switched either to freshen up the game or because they enjoy cloves kit better
You mean **in** the ocean lmao. I agree though, imagine going for a walk and you see a shadow of a cargo ship right above you.
This is just my personal thought but maybe you value acs and mvp too much? Like they're pretty much irrelevant compared to winning or losing the game.
Not really sure why she should regret self defense, shes completely entitled to throwing her would be killed with acid in the face and throwinh him into a particle blender for it.
1-2 minutes? It's taking around 10-30 seconds for me (Frankfurt only, mid rank) in solo queue. On unranked even faster.
I’m sad nobody recommending the arcade entertainment phantom. I feel its like the notable mentions skin 😎😂
Csgo did it too, it was so much better than val system
Loss… of time
How do you get on top of those boxes? I never manage to do it. Dunno what to call this tech either.
I think its because she died and came back and was like “oh cool, im immurtal” (in heavy Scottish accent xd)
Stop reloading as soon as you kill your enemy.
I would lose my shit if my teammate did this LMAO. You throwing the spike around with 10 sec left is wild lol. This can't be higher than gold right? Some Nice shots though.
Well, you have nades, you will usually have someone on your team that has flashes and someone who has smokes. If you don't, you'll have to play slow and find some picks to break the defense – or be silent and EXPLODE onto site to overwhelm the defenders. At the very least every one of you attackers has some kind of utility to use!
Personally im predicting Elderflame 2, because all of the other classics have already gotten their 2.0  
( Prime, Reaver, Glitchpop, Ion, Oni )

Alternative might be Prelude, but i feel like its too new to be considered a classic
Messing with you.
Never would i have thought that streams were now in vertical style because they thought some can't handle horizontal anymore
jesse get the nano
Like Kreig from borderlands 2, one of my favorite abilities in any game ever (if anyone gets this reference I will kiss you on the lips)
Man went full on teacher mode
This could easily be a video from someone with 1M subscribers
Shhh rule number 1 of a sick dumb play, pretend you did it on purpose
My pc monitor has a problem so i havent been in touch with valo as much so can anyone tell me what was the nerf of raze?
I tried asking him if he thinks he's addicted to valorant and why is it such a high priority in his life, and he just denies it and uses laziness as an excuse for skipping work and not seeing me instead :/
I did that too. now i don't have enough for the battlepass LOL i hate it
This will work all the way to silver, maybe even gold. But you'll find people in this elo to start defaulting, to use a Lil bit of brain, have good setups and punish or atleast trade for such pushed. Sure they're gonna still work if you have good aim and good reflexes, but if you play stupid and you don't win, you'll lose elo pretty quickly.
Tbh he does give receipts and reasons why he dislikes certain people in valorant. Some stuff is obviously personal to him but it's still interesting to watch
I can't proof anything but I already got some feedbacks from the reporting system that they have reviewed and agreed to my report and taken the necessary steps, whatever that means. However, I am not sure if they accept other reports than ingame reports.
bro playing in the great depression
because ur moving like a snail
What rank is this? It might be because of the lower elo. It happens a lot to me too. I do a lot of cypher setups or harbor viper walls which are great strategically but becuase I am in a shit elo people don't even understand why that particular thing works. It's kinda fair sometimes too because you do the most optimal one way and enemies just disrespect it providing no value.

You have to adapt to the level of your enemies
i was thinking the same thing BUT great 6k still
Hate it when the whole team aiming at the same direction
I have 1500 Hours.
because there is a trip where you can't shoot it unless you're on it. But by the time you're hitting it and shooting the trips you're dead to the cypher
this guy i met on reddit who might actually be the worst player to ever exist, i made a video on him and i never saw him again
This thread is so funny man. It's 25% people raging about losing, 25% people celebrating getting to bronze, 25% people getting falsely banned, then 25% people absolutely shilling riot
Yeah they just dont care lmao.
We've said this in a few other places, but it's worth reiterating - we don't rotate maps out so we can make changes. We DO opportunistically change maps when they're out of rotation if we feel they could use some work - Icebox, Breeze, etc. - but when we feel good about the state of a map, we don't pursue making changes just for the sake of change. 

We feel good about Haven right now, so we didn't make any changes before bringing it back. We also feel good about the state of Pearl. Is there anything specifically on Pearl that you'd like to see changed or you see as a big problem?
Thanks for your reply, do you recommend to hit on any server especially (LATAM or NA) or try to do it on both?
I couldnt imagine being so miserable in life that I have to put down others when they are happy. grow up
Make sound sensors able to be picked up mid round, like literally every other sentinels primary lockdown util

Make sound sensors detonate faster, deal 5 damage, and make them do something else, I don't know what, maybe vulnerable or paranoia, some kind of effect to make it stronger, because being concussed is barely a downside to the already weak util

Make the wall able to recharge after 1:15, and I don't remember how long it lasts but make it last 30 seconds

Make crouch grenade reveal for one tick when hitting someone, but remove the net effect, it's cool, but pretty useless without a raze or Odin to wall bang.
Yeah it’s trash
Anything effective in this clip is your aim. Raze didn't really do anything
Yeap, even those with good game sense wouldn’t realise if they were toooo dialled into the game. 

So don’t be too hard on yourself. If someone wanted their ace they’d call for it.
What did he do in the past
immortal 3 player here , we get spit on by pros and top 100 Radiants just like that guy was shitting on ASCEDANTS
they’re probably just mad it’s a reference to instalock duelists which they probably are given their reyna main tag
Is there any confirmed chance to get this pattern in a match?
Trigger bot is easy to detect. Its the pixelbots that are harder but still detectable.
someone just lost to a cypher
Yeah I believe u. 51 and 14 LOL and multiple games of that. Yeah nah
So, basically, the settings can help you see better when reyna ulting? Is it safe to say this person could too?? Or does it depend on each color blind person
Let Neon run vertically up walls.
fracture might be my favorite map idk why people hate it, split on the other hand is so frustrating to play
Okay but what if we gave him two tripwires that reveal you when hit and reset unless they are shot. Then we can get rid of the deagle and give him two cages that make a sound when someone walks through him. We then remove his teleport (dumb ability) and add a cool new camera that lets you reveal enemie. Lastly remove his ult for an ability that lets you reveal the enemy team when used in a dead body. Get rid of his stupid glasses and suit and give him a cool white hat and then we’re cooking.
As a diamond player i agree tho maybe D3 and ass1 is similar but ass 1 and D1(me) is very different
On attack he's fine on most maps. Defence is where he'll struggle because you need to cast his smokes so in general its very slow to react. In those cases I just play him more for retake and hope the Sentinel on the other site can handle himself. 

Basically, you can, just not ideal.
i do this and it is so funny like they never expect you to just say fuck it and walk straight towards them 😂
Bait used to be believable.
Just bought the prime vandal as I never really had it. Sure it doesn't summon a Portal to the underworld or has a magical buddy that reloads for you, but it's simple, clean and takes me back to a time when I really used to enjoy the game.
Exactly low elo you will probably end up crouching into their headshot level
but he aint dropping 20+ kills per game like aspas. I prefer forsaken though cause dudes literally valorant, can play any agent
This is possibly the best answer to this question, in low ranks everyone has this habit (until about gold/plat)

Once I broke the habit I climbed from s3 to g1 very quickly
Most goated week of val i have ever played. Every round was full armor ares spam
In theory, a 8k (MAYBE 9k)is possible

1-3 = enemies

4 clove

5 clove (self rez)

clove then gets revived by sage and collects 4 fracture ult orbs and kills 2 of your teammates (1 ult orb from dying)

6 clove again

7 clove self revives and you kill her one last time

8 sage

a 9k is almost possible, if on step 7 clove kills you, then you again, the you get revived and she kills sage, then plants then you tag her before she kills you and dies to fall damage (gives you credit) and then she self revives and SOMEHOW you find a way to get damage credit on her again. Maybe if you throw your vulnerability into the air and it hits her after you die, then she dies to fall damage, it counts as a kill and not an assist. If yes, then by doing this absurd sequence of events, you get a 9k (9 kill sounds/kills credited, phoenix and kayo dont give kill credit on respawn/knock)
It will change the meta going forward for sure especially for the new agent and a few others.. But I hope it will also reduce the blind spamming through smokes and BS kills gained from that. I noticed during this event, its not so much a problem in normal and ranked play. But gosh is it bad in VCT.
Good work! Solid timeframe to accomplish silver in, be proud
Cypher tripwires now have a loud cypher jumpscare when you run into them.
It’s kind of a default for viper.  Generally put there for post plant but in the situation posted I agree it wouldn’t really matter.  You could have put it to cut off a site line though.
It's so bad it's good
My friend has been bronze 3 for 2 years. He just refuses to do anything the proper way, even with me spoon-feeding him the reason for each decision and he complains it's just his teammates. He is currently Iron 3.
This sums up this sub. Low elos giving wrong advices or facts with such confidence to other low elo players.
Nah, it's basically satire of this post: https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/s/ceaV3Kz3Wk
Reyna werent OP, she was super selfish. She needs to get a kill to get an orb. Now you can trigger the orb with just a single contribution of dmg. I think she was made better for general use
Has to be immortal or radiant
Riol lmfao. Kids are dumb.
harbor buff to work as a competition for viper?
Maps with strong verticality and good paranoia spots generally favor Omen. It's important to have someone controlling A Rubble from on top of the pillar, and Omen is one of the only agents who has that ability. He can also TP out to safety through his own Viper wall, whereas Jett and Raze have to burn all of their movement abilities just to get there.
13 first bloods. Wow.
I think buying skins as a "poor-performer" is cool if you love the game and find extra enjoyment with your purchases. Mans was most likely jealous I bet
I agree. They suffer from something i call “Developer’s fatigue”. Astra, between her release and Patch 4.04, was changed several times in an attempt to tone down her power, but until then, nothing was enough to bring her out of the meta. And with Chamber, he was also nerfed a number of times, but none of the nerfs were able to significantly affect his presence in the game. Eventually, they both went through the same thing: A massive fall from Grace, and another power takes their place. In the case of Astra, she was nerfed heavily, and Omen and Brimstone got mega-buffed; and with Chamber, he was practically deleted from relevance, while Killjoy got significant buffs to make her arguably the best agent in the game (70% pickrate at LOCK//IN event)

The reason I call it “Developer’s fatigue”, is because both Astra and Chamber were basically universally hated in the spaces they dominated. With Astra, almost every Pro player complained about her global presence, the effectiveness of her util and how “boring” she was, and Chamber got hate from both Ranked and Pro Players alike because he was in every single game, his TP allowed him to take risky fights and get out to wherever, and a good aimer could shut down an entire team on him with his OP and Headhunter. Because they were so hated, I feel that the devs got tired of hearing people complain about them, and would rather they stay irrelevant. Astra has received NO Changes in over 2 years despite her sorry state, and Chamber has received minor buffs but nothing substantial, to give players the illusion that they’re making an effort to bring them back into the meta. Riot would rather have something be useless than be super strong (Just look at the history of the Ares)

P.S: I actually have some ideas on how i’d personally buff them both, without making them as OP as they once were, idk if you’d wanna hear them tho
It is a pocket guardian but I play it like a marshal if I hold an angle that is further away. In close range I use it like a sheriff.

So further away use ads and close range no ads.
#RIPHaven
[this guy](https://tracker.gg/valorant/match/e55c9421-8a99-4933-be47-ef36f2f1fd51) successfully 5 stacked with irons all the way to radiant.
Hard to say without a VOD, it’s not something people say over just a couple rounds. You’re probably consistently hanging back and your team is starting to catch on that you’re always last alive. 

If your team is consistently failing to take site as you said, you should really be taking the initiative and join them on the push. Maybe that 5th rifle is what is needed to secure the site.
To be fair that's a completely valid strategy, I've camped a Gekko body and the amount of times I was fortunate enough to brim ult a Phoneix ult upon return it's truly wonderful.
My buddies top 200 NA right now, should i tell him to go pro?
Yes. I have a deep voice and people get weird about it then I say I’m 26 and get bullied for being an old man on valorant :(
Haha, Im playing on 240, its just the recording
Gekko pets his buddies
I treat it as if it’s a zoning tool; essentially I assume no one is in that area where I just sucked
Wait was it him personally? I thought they had an army of robots like him and the non-Radiant agents going at the Radiants. I know that he does take credit for killing Reyna, the Radiant's leader, though
Never have I ever seen someone aim so poorly that they give up on shooting altogether and just knife the dude
make the trip throw gravnet
"This is only a temporary change" and they never addressed it again
Guardian on breeze is the way. Keeps your econ healthy and one taps from 1000m.
damn careerttv was right lmfao 💀💀
OP must have been invisible
you can use your abilities in 2 second intervals. better use them while you can.
Well you can't really stop a whole push and 3+ agents util by yourself. The best you can do is trade util... when the util dump comes, throw your own paranoia/Molly at the choke. Other than that, it's better to get out alive and play 5v5 retake then die on site and put your team down a man
WHYRE U SHIFTING TO 4K DPI BRO 😭😭😭
i think dart actually does break the glass on A on ascent so very lore accurate
High-tech Bald Man.
Really crazy tp. Was a bit risky I guess but well played.
Great clip but that ult was an objectively bad decision
How many bullets were the first 4 kills? 2? Looks insane, and then the Ace as a reward crazy.
Dude said Breach and Cypher mains are not toxic
Love the bulldog
THEY HAVE THE NERVE TO BUFF HER MOVEMENT TOOOOO
I had a stroke reading both of these comments
also now that his repulation is damaged how is he making sure that people can trust him, is he streaming his entire run, if he doesn't people may accuse him of getting boosted and we know that happens a lot in this game.
I love how during the whole vid I thought the iso was going to ult the clone. Only to witness the biggest frenzy cheese in history
both complaining and genuinely curious. ive had so many guy friends with food names and they dont get this
Or I can spend this amount and get a knife with a shade of color in CS
Shoot in bursts here, tap fire across long distances and only spray when the sanctity of your personal space has been defiled, lol.
You should put on the graph for shooting and movement error, it will help a lot with understanding why this is unlikely to ever work. The longer you shoot the less accurate you are. At that range you should shoot 2-3 times, and if you don’t kill them strafe while positioning your crosshair on their head then stop and shoot again. 

Recoil correction here is not like you’re used to. Use the firing range target and dummy and different ranges, then work on consistently shooting 5 shots with tight grouping as thats the best you’ll be able to reliably do. Aim at the head, drag crosshair down and it should end at the crotch of the dummy on the final shot. 

Bonus tip: take some time before firing to aim as your first few shots are the most accurate. You shot before your crosshair was on him, dooming your bullets wishes of hitting something on purpose. Happy hunting, Agent.
as a gekko main this is the best update ever
It might be an overlay using something separate to valorant
Not to brag but I can get 18/30 on easy bots with a vandal 😎
Yes upgrading will help you
Agree, his trap should no longer slow and also cost an extra 100
All of them
what would it look like if you shot it straight down while falling

edit: time to drop out of heaven and fast flasg everyone
Yeh Im ascendant peak and diamond 3 after rank reset and some immortal players I’ve played with/against are so bad like I genuinely think I’ll hit immortal if people like that hit it
“Hey man, I just want to play the game by myself today. I’ll catch you tomorrow though, maybe?”

Any reasonable friend will understand. If they don’t, it’s because they’re an immature, fragile little human being with the mindset of a toddler.  
Idk why you would think that when he was asc 3 for the majority of the time during his “challenge” 

Also the “off role” excuse carries no weight when he’d been playing raze near exclusively for 6 months already
You can checkout this Excel of Woohoojin:

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1oRSaGGJ4OKDQwmLLigaxJl29ucff15IHJxU42_FuNxU/htmlview#gid=1291692727
Always buy after winning pistols, unless you're playing Jett and trying to guarantee an operator for round 4 and even then thats a bit questionable as winning these early rounds is arguably way more important
If you delete the game you won’t see valorant
You… can’t start a round with 10 hp? ISO ult just puts you to the highest armor you bought. No armor - 100 hp 0 shield, light - 100 hp 25 shield, heavy - 100 hp 50 shield
Your mmr stays the same, you still play against the same plat players lmao
Cool theme of forced/denied movement, reimagining things like Gekko with the spike-related abilities
Healing supports arent even common in League tbh, its gotta be an OW thing OR people just thinking that being able to heal is busted because noone can hit heads at low ranks.
Anxiety meta is over time to use mic.
so many dia-asc ppl just blame you for not reading their minds, it's actually insane sometimes
 Just wait, I promise it’ll happen. Plus, in iron, what looks good to you is likely bad to gold players and a war crime to immortals and radiants
I love how omen deemed reyna to not be a threat💀
ok but what's his rank
If you used to get 110 fps in val with this machine, but now you're getting 70fps with the same machine, try reinstalling Windows fresh. You've probably got a lot more bloat on your PC than you did 3 years ago.
If I ever see omen use BOTH of his smokes on heaven im trolling
This is the high level analysis I'm in this sub for
They were probably all in a party don’t worry about it
i think im gonna uninstall MY game for you no way
Friendly reminder that if you are below immo 2, do not play comp in the first week and the last two weeks of an act. Monkeys and clowns on their $2 smurf accounts ruining every lobby.
Air bags in case she crashes ?
Sometimes I wonder about that because he’s really just a kid. Some of the younger agents seem pretty adjusted to shooting and killing people lol. I guess Gekko did break in and steal his buddies from Kingdom though so he isn’t a total amateur but yeah I imagine with his chill vibes he wouldn’t be gung ho on killing people, at least as much as Reyna or Raze
And don't forget to compliment yourself

 Pop-Offs are essential
Game has been out for 4 years, riot makes ridiculous amounts of money from low effort development (skins). 




CS1.6 released in 2000, you had server wide demos then. If you think they haven't released replays for for any other reason than not wanting to I'm sorry but I don't know what else to tell you, there is nothing that can convince you.
Yeah or the enemy simply swings and ignores the ult due to how horribly slow its moving and kills you.
No you can't meet her you wouldn't know her she goes to a different school
"You guys are *so much better* than my old team!"
I started maining Viper because she was the only agent with a mask.

Then I gaslit myself into liking the lurk/anchor playstyle.
Are ye toh woh gao ke players hain jinki light chali jaati hai
He stores his arrows in his balls
The turret does a 3 round burst of 6 damage bullets
What the fuck
This makes me realize how often they place objects/visual markers in the environment at roughly head level. That and this guy’s crosshair placement is probably just flawless.
I like to use it with a backup weapon as well. Carrying 4 guns just feels great
Exactly this, I had 2 people in one game say they’re gonna buy the Neo frontier skin after using mine lol. also it is satisfying having others see each others skins, imagine having this option turned on and all you see is default skins all the time that would get dull fast
Kayo. The guy looks like a total badass.
Omen should be able to toggle his smoke to kill mode
The lines them self don't bother me much.

But when I am last man standing, I hate when I hear Cypher's because I am normally creeping around then suddenly they know where I am and I'm just like, crap.

When the enemy has the last man standing, I'd say I hate Omen's as well because it's like, where the hell is he.

These also vary depending on what the circumstances are. Is spike planted or not, are we offense or defense, etcetera. But without much thought, I'd say the two I listed above.
Are these changes being looked at holistically? Or is the target to combat staleness in the meta from a professional aspect which will trickle down to us casual ranked gamers.
I do too but this shit is insane and I come from the MW2 lobby era
Its not only iso. Kayo cannot suppress viper's ult or kj's ult either. Once the ability has been cast it cannot be suppressed. Iso could even take an ulted kayo into his ult
[https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/14640ns/slicing\_a\_kayo\_knife\_midflight\_with\_a\_katana/](https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/14640ns/slicing_a_kayo_knife_midflight_with_a_katana/)

here you go
I like your thinking! Sincerely, a Viper main.
Her being good doesn't mean that she is a fun person to have on a team or be against.

My problem with Reyna stems from that she doesn't tactically influence the game all that much she is super belligerent in how she plays and her kit not only entirely plays selfishly but also forces your team to play around her as well.

Alot of other duelists have some form of pressure or hazards they can use to make space if they're having a bad game. Reyna having a bad game is pretty much a sova drone that drops a gun on death.

I really hope they rework Reyna in the future to have more of a space within a TEAM based tac shooter.
huh never thought about it this way. So getting gold is closer than i thought
She just stands there, watching and waiting for the perfect moment
OP: Nah i'd win
Imagine you're just chilling and then Sova blasts you through the wall from the opposite side of the map
The lore is that brim slept with her when she was 16 and got her pregnant, Sage then performed abortion on neon, if anyone would find out it would be the end for brim. So they made her join to keep close tabs on her
Outside of controller role agents, you can make any agent work on any map so just play whichever agent you find fun. I'm immortal and pretty much only play sova on every map except for split.
It’s been really interesting to watch. I think he’s a good dude and does a lot for the community. 
With that said, the whole “secret radiant account” thing has me thinking he may be a narcissist that just got caught in a big lie. And now he’s getting a reality check cause he actually has to play the game.
Now we have deadlock, if our teammate got caught, and we all spray to free him, we will probably kill the guy in an instant after he’s free.
I went from valorant to playing stardew valley. ha
to put it into perspective: you shot 28 bullets, and reloaded 3 times. Even a single reload was more than enough.
it doesn’t get used in ranked cause no one wants to play double smokes. legit only reason lol
Could be anything bro. Variation in teams, teammates that comm vs don't. Variation in enemies. Teammates that use util to help set you up vs don't. Getting kills in early rounds to build confidence into the later rounds. Even something as simple as body and arm positioning if you're an arm aimer can cause inconsistencies.
I think its just an effect of switching stuff up kinda makes you have more attention like when you change your crosshair, you temporarily get better. Eventually once you get to a skin, your performance becomes the same.
Seriously, every time I get on, I'm getting "the person you reported has been penalized" messages it's always voice/text chat abuse.
Literally 2 skins at 1. Valid price.
Men disappoint me...and I'm a man.
Yes, I see the same thing. According to the data I've collected, Abyss has a higher chance of being selected. If it were evenly distributed, each map would have \~14%, but at the moment Abyss is in 18% of games, while the others are at 13-14%.
If I have a lose streak of 3-4 games, I quit for the day and play a different game which is not a competitive multiplayer shooter or a hard single-player like From software games.

I usually do well in 1-2 days again
I'm confused what happens if it is a 1v1...
The jury
Tiktok is banned where I live so I'm not able to see the linked video. Are there any other links available OP?
Viper is literally one of the best characters in the game, absolutely 0 chance she gets Buffed in any way
Just for extra context. Radiant players consistently do challenges like "classic only to immortal" or "sheriff only to immortal 3" etc. Not only do they have an insane win rate on these accounts but they also frag out. The skill gap is much much bigger than what people think. You don't know what you don't know.
Lore accurate Sova be like:
Iirc, he didn't participate in any of the matchfixing, he just heard about it and changed his own bets on the match because of it. What he did was unethical, but he didn't matchfix himself, and that's what svaed him from the ban. It's the layer of context people have forgotten over the years. Pretty sure Valve only banned people directly involved with the matchfixing, and Shahz wasn't.
They also hear the full reload sound even if you cut it off halfway through. Makes for a good audio bait.
Relax
Yea I’m okay wit that lol
smoke is most important util in tactical fps
What rank are you? It’s not always about filling - you can play characters you’re most comfortable with and make it work. Especially if you’re not expecting a semblance of proper team play
Well there isn’t a revolver that corresponds well to the sheriff in regard to role and stats. The deagle is still ultimately the best analogy.
These people don’t think before posting
I hope Viper is bronze and forgot to turn the volume on
If you play the video slowly, you see that you took damage before the Op shot was fired, therefore it missed you and some other bullet hit you instead.
Yeah if you’re dying to chamber Q consistently then you’re either making some grave errors or the chamber is cracked, which isn’t likely at your elo. You can smoke off long sight lines, even better you can flash where you know he is which will often bait him to TP. If you’re dying because he’s agro peeking at the start of the round then just wait and jumps spot to bait out shots.
sorry.
Looks like they have two forms? Has like a shadow behind them
she’s Filipino so beach is very on brand
Shots 6-9: Missed due to recoil (bad spray control).
I wish people would shut up about Valorant dying 25/8. It came out 3 years ago, the Esports scene is thriving, games like TF2 and Overwatch aren't dead so why would Valorant be dead?? They just want views.
I think it shouldn't be a thing. At least for the first bullet. Because some days it feels like you won a lottery when all your headshots are connecting. And on other days you're struggling for kills and the inaccuracy messes up your mental and you'll get -25 or -30 and it's very annoying because they won't give you enough elo when you win a game.
i agree with fade
Reported a troll. Got a response from riot a few days later saying he is punished:))
From what I know, he appeals to the "anti-woke" community of Valorant, so he gets an audience from those people. Aside from that, I always see him in Twitter drama so it just seems like he's a rage baiter that tries to get people riled up to bring himself more attention. I feel like the majority of people dislike him, or at the very least are indifferent towards him.
We just adopted the mindset of “let him cook” in a clutch. For better or for worse just shut up and watch.
I miss her Smurf jets
If I can't buy a sheriff on a save round then I'm either fully broke and full save, or I'm buying a shorty and calling for god to make things right.
He disables abilities, not instant end them. Ult abilities like raze rocket will be expire due to timer and Phoenix ult will simple not be allowed to use further abilities. It likes up with how kayo’s disable works.
LMAOOOO THE JUMPING HEADSHOT truly the kinda luck that someone would get with an immo buddy xD

nice clip lol
So Fantasy Valorant?
Based on that my guess is even a slight tweak to slow leans him to more of a different role. I admit considering how you can control the wall, a stronger slow would definitely make him viable and much more offensive. He just to me seems to occupy a spot of no real value w/o a squad because he excels at nothing vs his counter parts.
Makes sense, imagine having a knife thrown at you by a machine. You’d die
Totally. 

Back in the early days of league (seasons 1-2), you could go like upwards an hour waiting for a game. I had a friend who was grinding a lot of ranked back then and he spent a significant amount of time playing games like Tetris as dedicated “queue games”. 

And that was like… top 2000 players. 

Comparing that to modern league of legends queue times and extrapolate that to Valorant queue times: and I think that paints a pretty good picture that Valorant is pretty healthy in player counts.
u need 9 comp wins in an act for the buddy I think
What it tried to be: a chronovoid ion nebula hybrid
What it ended up as: average battlepass skin with two buckets of paint splashed on and an orb stuck onto its middle portion
Plenty of them actually believe they're doing a service to low ranked players because "you learn more by playing against better players"

Which is a true statement when the players are maybe a few ranks above you, but when it's a Radiant Reyna ego peeking golds for an entire game, they aren't learning shit.
bronze, you looked very indecisive and the enemies were very questionable
It’s like this in ascendant as well sadly
In Scottish folklore, yellow butterflies are an indication that the soul is in the afterlife. Very cool character concept
people don't shoot it because they think they're aim gods and think they can kill reyna on peek. it's even more apparent when multiple people are peeking and a solo reyna blinds and everyone TRIES to kill reyna rather than 1 person aiming for leer / others going for the kill. It's EGO.
Would your pistol not have been more efficient?
I don't even mind the content, my problem is that the battle pass doesn't pay for itself, like it does in most games. You don't get any VP.
Riot should be careful with passive abilities in general which guarantee value. All roles have to time their abilities to gain value out of them except sentinels.
The most satisfying thing is when you hit a huge net like that and hear everyone try and take it off at the same time
How do you even play the game while bring deaf, cus sound us like a crucial part of the game. Big salute to you o7.
Yea the chest looks funny, the shoulder connection looks off, lips don't just exist on the face, they have a dip on the edges, and the top lip just looked like the bottom lip flipped, but it's more of a bow shape in reality. 

Tell me where I'm wrong or where I backed off on my critique.
Sucks to suck. There's a reason why prices keep climbing despite the quality not doing the same. People just keep buying. Riot could release 1 vandal for $100 and it will sell like hotcakes 💀 it's the consumers who are at fault.
I wish they would at least add them to for fun game modes like swiftplay and spike rush.
Because its made by riot for one. Riot has a history of making high quality games with fair monetization. So from the get go the game received lots of attention.


Combine that with the fact they carbon copied cs gunplay, which has been refined over last 20 years.


Sprinkle in some modern features, more family friendly setting, 128tick servers, features abscent in csgo at the time.


And you have a game thats popular.


Also riot is really good with making good marketing material(music videos, trailers, comics etc) 


So all of that.




Reason why other games fail is cause they miss one of those things. 


Riot knew who they were targeting with the game(cs players, ow players, tf2 players) and the game is solid from technical standpoint 
Some people also only use dead comparatively, looking at a games peak popularity. If you used that context, yeah pubg is dead.
during the first month you unlock the new agent by gaining 200k xp. you might have unlocked him without noticing. after that period you can buy him with kingdom points if you didnt already unlock him with xp
Please write a similar big post on PAID elo boosting
bump

anyways i think if u ping it , the name shows on your screen if u are looking at it
DAMN. I might have to get a new monitor today 😭
idek whats happening. Peaked asc 3 and now im stuck in diamond 2 constantly playing agains peak immos... i guess this is my new home now
Hey this is pretty good for only a month!

That said, you should not be pushing nearly that much when you’re on defense especially if you’re on a full buy into their save. Their odds are really low without you having to make any big play, and usually their only hope of winning is if they can get a rifle off someone on your team that’s too far up.
you forgot nt=nice try  
and you should always said that when your teammate tried hard but failed
I wish my duelist would entry. I always tell em where I’m smoking and tell them to push in…but yet they sit back and play for picks (which sometimes are needed if we down funds) or half push onto site only to stop and block everyone else from pushing in behind them.
In Rainbow Six you get asked if you want to remake, without needing to write a command into the chat. I think that is a better system already.
Tell him to come over and lick your balls
They still gotta play on the Attacking side you know
Also I asked sova to dart / drone at the beginning for my ult, later realized my mic was muted the whole game :)
lol was going to say this. no info.... is "info". They aren't there.
Big bro
New to valorant != New to FPS games
Clove diff atm, and half of omens kit isn’t easy to get value out of
Omen teleport, when it works and they have no idea you are behind them I feel so fucking smart.
NO SHOT THIS IS GOLD
He was the last agent you had an active contract with before they added KC
Your movement might be the issue
"Alright" is relative in this situation. The amount of pain this will cause is both high and unavoidable.
They uno reversed that "skill issue" by letting you know that you cannot headshot a downed Kay/O
Whatever the rank it may be, I'm sharing a fact, an opinion of mine about the situation. If you need to stay in gold or any other rank, be my guest. I'm trying to share my thoughts so that he can get something valuable from it.
Yeah you’re literally only boosted if you can’t perform well at your rank at all.
I once a saw a yoru with a name

Odin God
And yes
He was an Odin God

Another one that comes to mind is 
SEN sodyne
In iron level gameplay, if you can point the gun an ace is on the cards, it will taper off very quickly.
Well - you can't play comp at level 12
the game doesn’t really start until you’re gold, so your assumption is correct
Just shoot them
Appreciated! o7
General consensus is if you win pistol to buy second round. Bulldog, spectre, guardian etc. You’ll still get people not buying second round in lower elos
the fact that lets rotate was replaced with an encourage button is insane.
I knew I was onto something
In the video
Praying it's not just them saying again that they haven't had the time to start working on it.
I think it is. In the clip you linked it looks like you can see the timer go from 1:37 to 1:36 right before the round ends, in OP's clip you don't see that. So probably faster by literally a fraction of a second.
I'd rather not normalize it, because they introduced the Outlaw to (among other reasons) somewhat combat it, and I really don't want them nerfing it lol
I really need the 5th star😭
If only there was replay
Dont snitch on yourself my dude.
I've been playing Hades 2 instead. Complete change of pace. Sick of the map pool, so taking a break.
It’s gets easier. Choose a main and play as much swift and unrated as you can. Practice not spraying with vandal as well.
Smite. It's sound effects, animations, a truly orgasmic bundle
I can atleast understand if they had a 4k but for 3k its unbearable. There was this one time where I accidentally "stole an ace" because I'm not someone who looks into how many kills anyone or even me got in a round (hell I had an ace that very game, 3 rounds ago and I didn't even realise I was getting an ace until I got it lmao) and tbh that player was a child so I did excuse his temper tantrum until he started throwing but regardless we won.
I have told my boyfriend that Harbour says: "their turn to die!" And now he can't stop hearing it too
My issue with it is it seems like they boosted the rate at which that map gets selected.  It is my most played map by quite a few and that doesn't include how frequently it gets dodged.  I swear it is every third match or so for me
U must miss your ex :/
Yeah, I was gonna comment about Overwatch too, they are (or at least were for a very long time, it feels like new characters are starting to get more ability redundancy as of late) on the opposite end of that spectrum where every character has to do something completely new and never before seen and it creates bloated kits.
She can’t be perfectly immortal. From Kay/0’s universe, he killed every radiant that stood against him and then killed Reyna to stop their revolution. Therefore, he found a way to kill Clove. If Kay/0’s timeline is to be believed, there must be a way to kill clove
I live my life knowing I have the rarest iron buddy: act 1 buddy where it doesn’t spin and it was based off your average rank

Even if someone were to get an iron buddy now it would have the spinning animation that all the rank buddies have
It’s a joke my guy, lost 9 in a row yesterday and won the 10th in OT by dropping 27 on controller. Same rank as u btw, I look at valo tracker and everyone is in stacks with at least one smurf and no comms. A soloq only mode would fix so many problems but it’ll never happen
combat report is broken and sometimes doesn’t show the full info while the round is still going. i’m pretty sure u’ll see 160 (or more, idk) if you press tab after the round is ended
Maybe the real replay system was the friends we made along the way.
Bro can't accept that his favorite video game contains terrorism
It actually was that the Kay/o knife hit my head, because projectiles hit the body parts (like sova dart on enemy xD), so I was able to slice it.
Even if you bought a full rifle second round, Phantom would be a much smarter buy since you're likely against no or half shields. You know, the whole reason the Outlaw is good at all lol.
I think Pearl and Fracture will be back soon. They are already 5 acts out of the rotation. But we'll probably have to wait until June for that. Breeze was out of the rotation before that, I don't think it will be removed again. I could imagine that Ascent will be removed, as it is the only remaining map that has always been in rotation.
breeze is genuinely awful unless you're a jet chamber that likes to operator

The fact that they left that in the map rotation but took out haven for icebox is highly suspect of Valorants Post on the community let alone competitive spirit get breeze out of the map rotation for competitive play, throw in pearl even
A man dedicated to his craft 🤣
The only one that sucks is the Gun here ping in chat, harder to use ping to check dropped weapons.

The other pings are pretty useless anyways for anyone that’s not mute irl, using your mic is so Much better
Idk alternating between getting Bronze/Silver lobbies and Plat/Diamond lobbies is tempting me to quit playing for at least the next month
Well, kay/o could’ve came moments before earth got mirrored, meaning he’d be mirrored aswell since he’s there too
Yea. As someone who mains chamber it allows for mind trickery pre-round. Say you’re playing a map where one site is heavily biased towards long range weapons, and you’re on defense, you can pop the chamber ult and funnel them to the other site, allowing chamber to solo-anchor. I do that all the time, and it’s pretty good for information as well.
Looks cool! But about 4 almost 5 years too late
wait who had the butterfly knife? was omen trying to kill viper, failed and viper left him to die and turn into well omen ?
pretty cool, but its kind of annoying that you have to be pixel perfect to get a 100 score even though my circle is overlapping the other circle.  

Its also really hard to put the circle where you want it.
having experienced the SG military system itself, its either he has a life threatening medical condition that stops him from doing even office tasks or serious mental issue. He would not be exempted for national service. My guess would be it has to be mental related unless there something about his health that we are not aware of
Bro spoiled the reveal for some clicks
Haven is one of the best maps in the game in my opinion. I always disliked breeze so I’m not a big fan of this season since they swapped out one of the best maps with one of the less good maps (in my opinion) 

It’s going to be a sad day when they take out Ascent
Upon rewatch, this doesnt seem to actually be the case- the flash just got caught behind the barrel, as someone pointed out.
WAIT , they just removed literally the most important voice command ?
What kind of an attitude is that? I'm looking at the intros every time. Valorant artists and devs put work into that and I like to appreciate that. The animations look cool whether the first time or the 100th.
I think that's his wallpaper LMAO
Searched up omens username then went to the only game he was omen in
We’re playing Valorant while this guy is playing Doom
Never let them know your next move.
"I am Prometheus, and you are just a God." always goes incredibly hard
Jetts "there you are you little shit"
A good amount of harbor interaction lines, I don't remember them and I rarely see harbor, I just know they're wholesome upbeat lines.
Fade is letting the Vietnam flashbacks win fr 💀

But seriously, this means that the Nightmare visions are more frequent and that she ends up having intrusive thoughts and screaming, she avoids sleeping.
but when people say CS is valorant for edgy preteens
As a fellow European, this. They play on Stockholm, Frankfurt, London and Madrid - everywhere. If you want to avoid Russians being toxic - don't play on Warsaw. If you want to avoid turks being toxic - don't play madrid/Istanbul. But if you want to avoid frenchies.. THERE IS NO ESCAPE. Half the time they won't even speak English, but yell at everyone in baguette, assuming everyone speaks their language. 
Insane ego in like 90% of these French cunts. Whenever I hear French accent I insta mute, before they even start being toxic - its not worth it. 
French players are the worst, worse than Russians in terms of attitude.
How did you get that other person's POV? Also, very nice clip!
“Breaking them” and “they’re cracked”
I swear spraying with a prime vandal is way easier
6. Never entrying duelists with full util, whole site scanned
"Is Deadlock useless--" you can stop there
From what I understand:

It should not get you banned, but I would contact Riot to make confirmation that this "third-party application" is allowed. [\[submit a ticket here\]](https://support-valorant.riotgames.com/hc/en-us)
Idk why there aren’t timeouts in ranked. Still doesn’t make sense to me why it’s only in premier.
Hello Liam! great question, there are few things you could do to tame your angry teammates down

First thing first, I advise you just let them be, sometimes talking back to angry people makes them more angry, therefore we should give them space and time to cool off, if they start getting annoying, consider muting their mics for a while.

If you want to keep talking to them you can say something like " it's okay, nice try, you will get them next time " or something like that, as it may boost their morale up.

I hope I answered your question
sincerely, Nafeh.
It’s part of the lore that Agent 8 went missing/left/got kicked out for some reason. We don’t really know.
Unless they want a massive boosting problem i don’t think so, cause itd just cause mobile/console players to stay in low ranks and no one likes that. So theyll probably have a separate queue and maybe crossplay optional but you can choose when youre in a crossplay lobby
He also straight up says "sit down," lol.
Kinda like rainbow six siege. Thats possible but then that one phoenix line would go off as a joke or he's tired of repetitive training sims. I think it goes something like:
"Feels like we've doing this forever.  Anybody else feel like that? Just me?"
it was so funny when he popped on my screen like that lmao I had no idea he was there😭
My head cannon has always been that it's just a fake name to draw less attention to his identity.
He was being sarcastic
Sage.

Was told her abilities were the most straightforward.
I think the punishments are fine as is tbh.

What blows my mind is how many W key bots/trolls get away with what they do. Youd think theyd get detected after a few rounds at least, but no. Putting a weight on your W key can ruin the game even worse than just fully afking.

So yeah I'd change that.
WTF? I used to use that so much while spinning in place, so funny
This is a subreddit for coping about not being very good at Valorant by crying about Smurf’s and cheaters. I think this question is better for a legal advice sub.
Butterflies are heavily associated with death within several cultures which ties in to Clove’s main theme of immortality and the afterlife. Clove’s nonbinary identity also falls under the trans umbrella and a lot of trans people resonate with butterflies because of how they represent change/transformation.
A1 to plat 2.

Right about what I expected. Lost 3/5 placement games. But everyone I played with was all previously ascendant 1/2. Some places plat1-  diamond2 that I spoke with.
It's probably swiftplay or spike rush, all maps are available in those
Nice edit, but still hate player like this
“Damn I do this”
his best :(
for me the biggest thing that always put me off was how slow and oftentimes wrong his decision making is. it’s really easy to sit in and review a vod and criticize a lot of decisions made in retrospect, but being able to make those decisions quickly and decisively in the moment is extremely hard to do. never really considered that he didn’t actually hit radiant but it always did strike me as a bit odd, ig now we know
he was predator in Apex a different game and gold in valorant, why are you listening to him ?

u can watch every streamer/pro getting radiant soloq or duo
the amount of joy i felt whenever i caught a map name being said
I meant the prime vandal, the first weapon skin with a unique reload animation, has been out for 3+ years. Unique weapon reload animations on an expensive bundle should be the standard on every skin at this point.


Riot has taken huge leaps in innovation when it comes to skin - Prime, Elderflame, Nebula, Singularity, Prism 2  Celestial, Origin, Spectrum, VCT, Protocol, Prelude to Chaos, Sarmad Melee, Kohaku and Matsuba, Cryostasis, Oni 2.0 Melee, Altitude, R.E.S., Kuronami, and the Arcane Sheriff have all been innovating in some unique way.


For having released so many skins and bundles, they least they can do is guarantee a unique animation on the pricier phantoms.
Remind yourself it’s just a game lol, no need to break shit you paid for/someone else paid for because you lost in a Valorant game. Just breath and just perma mute enemy text chat because there’s 0 need for it anyway
not really some interesting decisions more just the enemies wtf is the raze doing 💀
I have trauma from 2022 chambers going “you wanna play let’s play” ‘cause that shit was broken as fuck
I've gotten a few Cloves on both my team and the enemy's, I still don't know the colours of friendly smokes vs enemy smokes because they're always in the most nonsensical spots that I'm not sure which team it benefits
There's no reason for comp and professional to have the same rules when it comes to maps. There's also nothing stopping the limit from just being in pro.
i think thats why omen and raze are actually a must on every team. 2 people pinching from behind the pillar makes fighting for A much more doable
Neon because I AM SPEED

No brain required just zoom
my bucky don't do that
Bro what?
bruh what is this
Hot take: Most new players are only picking Clove because their Reyna already got picked.
I got this E-Couple that were clearly white but loved dropping racial slurs, the dude literally called me the n word a shit ton after I stole his egirl’s ace. Even tho they were being complete asses he just assumed I’d still throw so she could get it?
Cypher selfcest fanfic I guess
You’re in Riot dark system… jk
Valorant for biology lessons
lol basically repeating you, but Chamber with one additional charge on abilities is LITERALLY just old Chamber. Kind of insane to think about it. No wonder he was so dominant.
I still have nightmares about operators during jumping Jett and chamber metas
This is brilliant !
Phantom for me. Controller main, spraying through smokes brought me many kills.
Warning: Personal Opinion

Out of all in-game purchases in Valorant, the battle pass feels the least like a scam
I'm Gold/Nearly plat in valorant and plat/nearly diamond in overwatch and I can say that you absolutely cannot compare these games, at least on my skill level.

The things you need to do are vastly different. Valorant is a more precise game with a lot slower movement and uniform hitboxes while overwatch's hitboxes are not and even go a good bit outside of the character model. 

Overwatch is also a lot faster in it's movement so the aim type is pretty much tracking for a lot of the fights instead of perfect crosshair placement with little to no adjusting.

I also feel like overwatch is more complicated in the ability tracking department since all of the abilities refresh on a lot shorter cooldown.

On the other hand you have a lot more to work with, with valorant's map so at least in my experience info gets you further in val than in overwatch just because in val a person behind a corner can mean instant death while in overwatch you just have to get back to heal somewhere and don't die of that most of the time 

Both games have their difficulties and are completely different in their play styles so I wouldn't say they are comparable
If it made last enemy into a blocky version that falls apart, it would be the best
As mad as i am as a viper/phantom main, i think this was a good decision for the health of the game (haha odin go brrrrrrr)
Agent Potato would go kinda crazy though ngl
Zoom is actually slightly better on the Headhunter, and although they do have the same penetration, Guardian deals more damage, making it easier to get spam kills
But you don't actually need to know everyone's rank during matches. Some of the other stuff that trackers do will help you during a game. Knowing the enemy's rank? What does that do? Tilt yourself?
Not only that, who knows how many other similar content creators who didn't lie about their credentials have been crowded out or had their potential growth otherwise affected by the sheer size of the platform he's already built?
And why is no one talking about replication???? Best game mode ever, especially when a new character released. Everyone hoped.on just to have a chance to try the new agent. That was just the best game mode. I dont even remember seeing toxic people
You play the game because you enjoy it. If you don’t wanna play, don’t play? No hidden formula really
I’d agree with you if people didn’t have such shit mentals.

If ppl didn’t give up so easily, I wouldn’t mind giving the majority a little more control. But the majority doesn’t have a lot of self control, discipline, faith….

Especially in a game like valorant where realistically u can always win. Unlike league (where there’s also currently ff drama) where u build up a massive gold lead and objective lead, valorant at worst only has a round lead and some Econ. But 9k isn’t better than 4k. It just allows u more rounds, so valorant comebacks are way more common.
4v5 vote remake? always.

4v5 vote early surrender? never.
Now at hasbro.com for 35$. Get your new radiant smoke gauntlet now. Terms and conditions apply.
The urge to use a champions weapon or any weapon with an infinite inspect and kill the enemy
Aren’t duelist supposed to die first? They get first blood and space on site, after that if they die no one should blame them (typically)
Play a few games with me and you'll be back to iron in no time 😂
Knifing a wall higher than last time
Hell yeah.  Everyone needs a comeback win in their pocket, the avg val player gives up way too early
What is with this shitty company and only giving us stuff if they take other things away? Give us all game modes and all maps PLEASE.
W trigger discpline
You only need to have a Sova or Raze to conter Cypher, lower elos are less coordinated and because they aren't used to things, their autopilot is inferior to higher elos.

Whenever you're playing in low elo, just tell them to break it with the util and Ping where it should be/was last round. Lower elo Cyphers tend to not move trips every round
You might just be the only person who places K-Tac on their top 3
I completely agree with this. Riot is not doing enough to punish AFK players and it annoys me so much. 

If you disconnect or have internet issues, it's understandable. Yesterday I had a guy who said "Sorry I have to go watch a movie now" and disconnected. Tf were we supposed to do man
aces are earned, not given.
Oh that would be insane to see, knowing how likely it is.
seems I can be radiant on console.
Phoenix also tells enemies to sit down iirc
"What do you hate" 


"I love this map"
Oh, I forgot the first "pray"
some guy made the exact opposite post, playing as jett and showed a vid of him getting a sick flick kill, asking if he makes no impact from getting an Op kill
You can find it in the collection it just hasn’t been sold yet
Man fade's voiceline hits real hard. I felt pain in her voice.
I'm sorry low and this was still hilarious to me.


Funny thing is, when watching my replays or when spectating my mates I can see what we're doing wrong, it's painfully obvious even. But once I play, it's like my brain goes on sleep mode.
tf2 market garden in valorant, crazy
Man solved the entire game
Throwing weaken
You clearly missed, after all omen is a ghost 👻.
Yeah the ulti is worse than raze's. But don't blame riot, they're a small independent developer with limited resources and funds...
I feel like you’re thinking too deep into this. To me it looks like the entire UI is missing, including the crosshair. This could just be done after recording. Also the mouse movement is pretty erratic and there is a slight pause before shooting which all seems pretty human.
iirc they don't hear it. Take a look at your bullets next time and you should still have a full mag as if you never fired.  I think it's just a bug. 
I wish this was more common knowledge at low elo. At this point I've given up trying to explain to my teammates why you shouldn't save your ghost or marshall
As a phantom user I will not tolerate this slander
dw you really didn't miss out on anything. Watch one game of val on twitch and you'll learn way more.
It took 8 year old me 3 Roblox accounts to realize that the Roblox Robux Generator Game was a scam

I’m sure there are a lot more that went even further than that
Deserved for playing Iso 😜
That's the best ending. Where the toxic smurf Reyna drops 58 kills but barely gains any RR because you guys did a draw.
I mean for every high elo player who's throwing to get the iron gun buddy, there are probably 99 of them throwing because they're dickheads who smurf for fun and get their kicks off of beating low elo players bc their egos can't handle losing to people better than them.
Yeah that is pretty wild. First time I saw it was with S1mple, I can't imagine what will happen in like 5-10 years.
Not only back to back but it was against the same team of bots. And they even canceled their queue to avoid them.
I think the vision on Gekko's ult is enough info. Giving it an additional KJ ult info might make the ult an unfair advantage compared to other ults.

For example, KJ ult giving info of how many players are detained does not give the enemy's exact location compared to Gekko's ult
During my 2nd game in Beta !

[https://i.imgur.com/n2G3ORK.jpeg](https://i.imgur.com/n2G3ORK.jpeg)
God yes. You just jump again and again, tilting your mouse slightly for the optimum knife height, until you hit this angle that gets you an insane height.
You must be new then
literally unplayable boycott riot asap
Ahhh you are that viper on pearl!
I have almost 1000 hours and I've only seen it as a problem twice. I've only played unrated also.
Apex seems more appropriate
Was it a plan that your team all agreed with, or did you just push mid with the spike alone as Gekko while the whole team was main?
You literally just answered yourself with this post. The Guardian doesnt get that much play + there are guns with even less skin lines with finishers. I also belive it is a harder gun to design skins for so they don't make the super popular lines include it. If they want a sniper-ish weapon with a potention money crab then its easier for them to make marshal or operator and now Outlaw.
the worst feeling fr is throwing because of toxic team and the opposing team is somehow so bad that they couldnt win with me afking and giving callouts about my teammates location💀
by all technicalities, this is a 3rd party software that gives an unfair advantage, and is absolutely a bannable offense
Just think to yourself you want to buy a phantom. Make sure to talk about phantoms into your mic to let your personal FBI know. They'll change to vandal next time for sure
There aren't many 1v3 situations that are worth it. Often a save is the best option if you:

1. Lack positional information on the opponents. 
2. Team economy demands a save. 
3. There is far too little time left to retake or clear necessary angles to take site. 
4. You lack utility to make it work. 
5. Your opponents skill level is equal to or greater than your own. 

Something I'm good at is clutching up and honestly, saving is less cringe than either half-heartedly going for a clutch; not even being aware it is an option to save; or going for the literal impossible clutch.
Have you watched any tutorials or viper guides?
They basically encourage it as you can make an infinite number accounts on same email.
Bro had me looking at discord
Don’t listen to these clowns.  If you like him, play him.  They just can’t so they hate.
I’ve never seen the sweaty keyboard tryhard vid get to the point where he looks around like that
they better forfeit the game results, i was losing 7-12 xd
he had a stroke :(
The gundam vandal player card is absolutely GOATed, I’m going to be using that card until I die
Valorant has the second worst battle pass in any video game that I've ever played. League of Legends is the #1 worst. Wish they'd just go the Helldivers route and let battle passes be completed at any point if you bought them. Make the XP gain you get like, 33% of the current season's pass so people are still incentivized to grind the current one if they have to, but yeah. I guess people buy it which is why they're so garbage.
Amazing, if only Brim still had util
I think the 1.48 KD also contributes
I feel for you. I’m pretty sure most girls just wanted to be treated normally as anyone would. Don’t have to be silent, definitely not harassed, just addressed as any other human lol.

Hopefully the new changes they’re making help with this. It’d be way more fun if like 30% of the player base didn’t have to worry about something totally out of their control ;-;
ChatGPT ahh response
+2 just got free bucks from two random shitters!
do you just want me to shout "IT'S OVER ANAKIN. I HAVE THE HIGH GROUND!"
every time I'm on a more elevated level than you?
(Idk how well you aim but I'm just gonna say it.)
"If you crouch and spray every time you see an emery, don't. try unbound-ing your crouch key and start doing this.
Aim at a wall, Shoot 1-3 shots, Move a bit to the right, Try putting your crosshair in the same spot you just shot, Shoot 1-3 shots, Move a bit to the left, REPEAT."
Throughout his twitter he has nothing but praise and passion for the skins. I don't see anything on his twitter about the negativity. maybe he's just doing what normal teenagers do at his age.



Here are examples of him talking positively about some of the skins you mentioned. 

[https://twitter.com/Thyros\_exe/status/1556897434445520897](https://twitter.com/Thyros_exe/status/1556897434445520897)

[https://twitter.com/Thyros\_exe/status/1460640381788475392](https://twitter.com/Thyros_exe/status/1460640381788475392)
As a Cypher main, I feel this so much, especially in lower ELO. And then they get mad at you for dying and losing trips, when the whole time they should've been on site
Okay so I read through the post... And I still don't understand... There's no reason not to have a replay system. Maybe I need better glasses or something.
**Hoy I'm pissed!** 
for christs sake my aim is bad and I cannot track a moving neon i almost always die
Some 9 year old with the name 'I miss her' if you see it there is 2 paths he either dominates the whole game fropping 30-40 kills ieith jett or reyna or they Just cry about everything and bottom frag and blame their team
yooo she styled on him at the end there, good shit xD
I swear it’s the prime classic
They are not, I am just severely disturbed. I hope they have a nice holiday season!
It's near impossible to enter or retake with an op unless there's an opening, which will be rare.

By double awping your teammates are committed to certain angles or sites, so rotations get slowed down. And if they whiff their shots, it only worsens coz of the fire rate of awp. You can't even no scope post that, and smokes blinds mollies entire util will be thrown. 

This is all assuming that your players can escape post the shot, most passive op players are gonna be waste coz of util, you guys obviously need to keep on repositioning and changing, otherwise again, you die and all that util your agent has goes out of the park. That's why only few agents like Jett chamber are viable for op at pro level.
Atleast he apologized
This community is fucking delusional about ranks, it’s a weird coping mechanism. Yesterday there was a post where people were saying a 13 year old hitting ascendant is just kind of okay, lmao.

According to Reddit, top 5% of players makes you “about average” and the only way to be impressive is to be a pro player, and even then I see people talk about how some pros aren’t that good

Fucking delusional people here
fade and more hp to her cats
chamber and 2 trips at least
smth with clove but idk what
Hey I still use the scroll wheel! And I reached top 120 on Europe it is possible!
They're dumbasses. "Healer" is not a a type of agent.
You got a double rank up that means the game thinks you should be a lot higher ranked   
Thats why you get dia buddies
How about not flaming him and just asking hey gekko can you use your util ? Lmao
The cypher players on my team never take any space at all and play passive asf + its annoying to push a cypher so cypher it is.
Oh yeah you're right, after that sage battle, bro somehow became him and is destoryhing every lobby. Super sus
Lol, especially since neon is flat af (above the waist at least)
Healing used during decay does effect your final HP when decay wears off though which you don't show in this clip. So technically yes you can heal.
I don't get why if I win a game, or do at All decent, the mmr system decides I now should play against players one of two entire metal ranks above me. 

Had a plat lobby you did well in? How about you get fucked by a bunch of diamond players who peaked ascended 3 last act. 


It's really frustrating and feels like the line keeps moving. When I first started playing ranked I feel like this wasn't as prevalent, I remember getting better as a bronze, and playing really well and ranking up out of those ranks because I was not supposed to be there anymore, and maybe occasionally encountering a gold 1 player in a silver lobby if I was on a streak. But It was incredibly remarkable if I played against entire metal grades higher then me back then, now Its every lobby,and even if I'm getting better, it doesn't really reflect in my rank because the game is arbitrarily, internally deciding what rank I am on a match by match bases.
Ikno i like making cringe puns. (◍•ᴗ•◍)
People that beg for your skin as you are slowly bleeding the game away
Personally not a big fan of mid in icebox. Don't know what I would change about it but it feels a bit off. 

Overall really fun map tho
How in the world the bucky is doing positive damage , when I get this gun in my hands it heals the enemies
He mended his clothes with fire, maybe his clothes are made of it too?
And  yes of courseyou should ignore toxic people. Keep Ur mental sane try to cool IT off for teammates.at least that's how i do IT. When i was 17 i was getting tilted  RN im 24 and well all i do care is playin the game tryna explain people that toxicity  just make people Play worse and that yhey should just Behave like In any other team game just like In irl. If they still toxic i just leace them for info and dont give a fucc bout rest
In his apology he kinda brushes it off as a single big mistake. Like no mfer, it was at least 365 of the same mistake per year, as he woke up every morning and willingly chose to continue lying. That's not 1 screwup, that's an entire fraud campaign. At least call it like it is.
I knew the trailer looked very Filipino
If you’re still stuck in Silver/Gold with supposed “all brain” you’re definitely coping. As someone who hit diamond with “all brain no aim” you should have the game sense to understand how to win gunfights with garbage aim. “All brain” should lead you to win fights by understanding off angles, when to peek, when to play back, etc, and all of these things lead to gunfights where you have the advantage. The more advantage you give yourself, the less aim is required to reliably win fights.
you can also cancel it early by right clicking.
I notice that a lot of girls wait to use comms to test how toxic their teammates seem. Honestly, you are going to run into a lot of people that will try to berate the shit out of you. They can not stand that they are in the same elo as a girl, it hurts their ego. Just mute and report every time
32.5% HS, 176.8 damage per round, 1.48 K/D also probably helped

Don't get me wrong comms are important but you're being too humble man, you're really cracked at the game too
I just need to get to Immortal and my run and gun will finally work.
oof, that second line hurt (come on man, Odin is a gun available to use, exceptionally good with sova on ascent)
Nice try A2Guapos teammate who got yelled at for not buying him a gun.
I am so conflicted. On one hand, he lied about something so petty, and i lost a lot of respect for him. On the other hand, he's a really good coach and clearly knows his stuff, and he has helped so many people as a result of his videos.
I've always wanted to buy an immortal account so I can anti Smurf. Everyone in immortal has a Smurf account, so now they can know what it's like to have me ruin their game for a change.
https://twitter.com/will1us/status/1673800494173814784?t=Kwa50A48je6AUtrw9jtKJg&s=19

Definitely this one ^
You would think that since you can stack any rank in a 5 stack it would be less smurfs but no, people are afraid of losing RR when playing with their lower ranked friends.
I had a jett who would take the spike as fast as they can at the beginning of the round and run to the enemy and die to lose spike. After us still winning with them giving away the spike, they started taking the spike and straight up hiding it from us so we couldn't plant. They even typed in chat the whole time telling the enemies to hide, exposing our locations, and being rude to us. We ended up winning after many many many rounds of trying but it was an extremely unpleasant experience.

I hope they rot in hell.
Fade says "lie down" in Turkish ("Yat aşşa")

We should have more voicelines where agents use their native language
Agent specific inventory is all I’m asking
Taco Bell's entree menu consists of rearrangements of the same five ingredients but I'll be damned if the crunch wraps aren't on top
I recently got back into Valorant and my friend told me cypher got buffed.

"So, anything I should know?"

"Yeah we leave."

"What do you mean we just leave?? We cant just shoot the tr--"

"No bro like we just dont go here anymore"
Ahhh, yes, the English and the French 

A tale as old as time
I would say KJ because you've got the turret to worry about and then you have her landmines to worry about. Then you need to take her out before finally defusing. She's a great time waster.
Non related, but that’s so wholesome lol
I do agree with you, as a smokes main. I also think that throwing slightly weird smokes can be beneficial as well, even if nobody is pushing them etc.

Also, this is a two way street. Smokes players tend to use minimap a bit more, so being aware of what is seen can allow us smokes players to make calls to help enable our duelists to frag while throwing an escape smoke.

Overall, I hate the lack of comms in ranked, which could be the root of the frustration here, combined with the ego of some players. I agree with you fully there.
Don’t really want to lurk on clove because your team usually needs those smokes.
Play whoever you want and don’t let these salty and passive aggressive valorant people tell you what to do. Don’t try to fill the perfect composition just learn 1-3 agents and master them. It’s better to be good at an agent than to just play the “right” agent who you aren’t good at.
I guess they didn't realise wingman halfed it?
Ask Average Jonas no?? That mf has every skin in the game including battle pass skins..
reyna kills people and takes their souls to keep her sister alive, because her sister is really sick or fragile or something
I appreciate posts like this, and they're easy to understand. Riot W
I think of it this way: if you can put it down later in the round while being safe, then you don't put it down pre-round. But if its one of those walls that you will be in danger while attempting it, might as well do it pre-round.

Usually, I do it 1-2 seconds before barrier drops. A nice medium between being safe and being unexpected to the enemy.
You're wild for swinging with 2 bullets left.

I don’t really agree with ulting there, but it's a nice clip.
28. Anywhere from 0 to 15 hours a week.
They normally do, it just won't tell you who it was that got sanctioned
This subreddit really isn’t noob friendly
Depends on how broke I actually am
Going from hackers every other game to practically no hackers was pretty nice lol
Good thing he's not in my lobbies. I'm gold in both games, and in both games I just see a pack of baboons running and gunning everything. And I'm part of the simian empire with my trusty Zeus and Nova in hand
I love hearing an opponent slash the wall with their knife and then breaking it with my bullets and catching them off guard xd
Or maybe a mixture of both? Like being able to throw smokes freely but also being able to throw up a wall like Harbors Cascade or Iso’s wall
The fact that it happened back-to-back is kinda ridiculous. this shouldn’t be ignored
Maybe won’t make up for an otherwise bad player, but it WILL make a difference against similarly skilled players.
Chamber belongs in the trunk, and honestly never let him out. Not a real sentinel
Congratulations man, you managed to create a reverse smurf account
I guess I can say Clove's ult can be very weird and buggy at times.
Fun fact: the card chamber has is not his credit card. It's his business card
**Eyes wrap around the face**, you can't simply draw straight lines and wonder why they aren't straight, because when drawing faces that aren't just looking forward, they are drawn on curves, because that is how the eyes look like in real life, shit curves around your face.
And is only going to get worse every time they add more skins. I don't get the point to add skins under 1775 vp (greens and blue ones), like whats the points no one is waiting for those skins.
Thats what I wanted to hear.

Can I also pew pew pew strafe pew pew pew strafe? Or is this to much pew pew pew?
reminder that valorant is basically a cs spinoff and that at launch at least half of the playerbase was csgo players testing the game out
Clickbait
I definitely feel it when trying to get multi kills if I turn and don't completely stop then shoot its so wild I think I'm going to start using the guardian and see how that goes
I’m gonna be real blunt.

That looks like a giant dildo gun.
"Bro why is my patient inting"
Tier 3 Dasnerth sub
They
Bro really made a post about this ggez
Wdym? This is peak Radiant gameplay right here!
>"Why not buff poor agents instead of nerfing good ones?" that can be easily dismissed with the latest valorant video that I doubt you haven't watched. The least thing the valorant team wants is a power creep problem

It really can't. Some people always bring up power creep, but Valorant has power droop. Agent's continue to get weaker and weaker. Many agents are way weaker than their peak, and most new agents are released weak. I'm not against nerfs, I don't think they should have left raze as she was at release or anything, but they aren't balancing power between agents. They are consistently lowering it.

Even worse, with Viper they really gutted her skill ceiling and creativity. Now it seems like they might do the same to Raze. That sucks. Raw power aside, they should be trying to add agent util that lets people express skill, not removing it.
Don't forget the 1 site map, Pearl.
June's over
Aw shite a lost my pet rock.
Had brimstone say "they've got one ugly lookin crew, no offense to any of us" I pressed tab to see who were the duplicates, and it was only me and their Omen (I am an Omen one trick)
The devs actually responded with that, saying that because the gun was new, they didin’t want people to get confused with the sound, and to generally get familiar with the weapon.
It's an issue everywhere. People say the edgiest shit because they are behind the screen.
Damn she's amazing. It will be a lot of fun to play her until she gets nerfed. She's very different from every agent so far and I like it.
The only way you can change it is by removing any alt accounts or smurfs. Then people can't just go play a different account when banned.

Otherwise, current afk bans are fine, alot of the time afks are completely out of your control. Sometimes they aren't and you are just doing it to annoy people
I will put money that my spectrum classic has a better right click than ANY OTHER classic
Rare inspect should be Wingman getting annoyed and slapping your finger away.
my brother, if you win a fight and you have no bullets left afterwards, 95% of the time you will swap weapons before your next engagement anyways.
That’s not how this game works brother.
No because Omen can’t open his Whispering Eye in Brimstone smokes or he’ll get sand in it.
Its T spawn or just attacker spawn
Silver, i know I could be gold or plat but I don't have the time to try-hard enough nor do I have the time to play enough ranked games combined with ranked from LoL
Oh. That makes sense, still weird it wouldn't show up in the damage report
Most definitely the kids
Yeah it's a mixture of aim, movement, crosshair placement, and game sense. A lot of cs skills transfer. At least in my experience
meta as in pro play
It's literally the opposite, it's because the more you rank up the more you see how huge the gap between you and the very best players. And so the more you think of yourself as a "mid" player, even if you are Ascendent or Immortal. So everything under is kinda low elo.

To make it clearer if we talk about % of players Gold is mid. But if we talk about skill difference. Well the difference between Diamond/Ascendant and Radiant is way way bigger than the diff between iron and Diamond/Ascendant.
Learn more wallbang spots. This game is made of paper walls.
This is ironically one of the better agent concepts I’ve seen lmao
Just a tip, try using Iso’s ultimate to cancel enemy ultimates like Viper, Yoru, Raze, Reyna, etc.. that way there is guaranteed value. Or on attack to remove 1 player from site on entry.
1. Breach . Don't think this requires much explanation, if you hear this line and you're in the radius of the ult you know it's over for you.

2. Omen. Usually you'd have a general idea of where the last enemy could be, but if the enemy Omen ults you have to be more cautious because he could be anywhere. 

3. Chamber. Lot's of good ones but I like Chamber's ult line from the enemy POV, he sounds like a serious badass. His ult line from the ally POV is pretty lame in comparison though.
They should add replication back,i dont get why they even removed it
If this makes you feel better I went from Gold 3 to silver 3 and then went back to Platinum 2 from silver 3. All because I knew I can. If you stop believing in yourself nothing can take you forward. Losing is part of the process embrace it and move forward. Lastly don't be sorry, be better.
Post your tracker if you want legit feedback.
I think phoniex should have a spot for itself... Some players, even if they knew it was coming, they can't dodge it. Breach on the other hand, is easier imo.
bro the clip was so mid too like not tryna take away from the achievement but stomping on ppl with worse guns and body shotting them is not impressive....
KJ saying "wait really?" when she gets a turret kill is fucking hilarious
I’ve never hated on duelists if they don’t get kills. I hate on them when they don’t enter sites and want to stay back just to get kills. Just today I had a Jett who was lurking with an op on attack and I had to enter first as a sova. That pisses me off.
Sorry I was at work. As the guy below said. Wrestling Revolution 3D. Sorry!
Yeah , but im making the point that he isnt too bad at the game, or isnt so bad that he has to uninstall
Yo what on earth are these Fortnite suggestions
Clove has revealed just how little a lot of the playerbase understands the function of smokes, and it's pretty much what every controller player always assumed
very risky what you're doing. I wouldn't repeek into 4 people. If at least one of them knew how to hold an angle you'd be dead. I'd immediately reposition after that first kill or flash peek
Iron lobbies right? The omen blinds you when there are no enemies around.
Everyone thinking she looks broken is wild to me. She actually looks balanced/on the weaker side to me. Will be interesting to see how she plays once shes released.
Sage is, she literally walked her team off so gecko can safely shoot them
Brim defusing while ulting on top of your own head.
I don't know how to explain this, but I swear I heard the "MOOOOVEEEEEE"
I think Riot should have regional pricing. 

If you then transfer to another region and buy a single thing in that region they should lock your account from ever transferring again (unless the server closes and Riot transfers accounts).

This would prevent people from transferring to regions and then transferring back after bought cosmetics.
When Sage resurrects someone, another random player drops dead.

Answering Valorant lore fans if Sage's healing comes at a cost of someone else's life.
Nice to see him acknowledge how his attitude changed over time. Hopefully he can get back to the way he used to be, the discord and his stream were great early on.
Cypher: trip height is important, foot level trips are much harder to spot and also can dodge utility such as Fade’s dog but are more vulnerable to other types of utility destruction. Head level trips dodge pretty much all utility destruction but are much easier to spot and dodge by simply crouching. Crouch head level trips are primarily used for flank watch as there is no way to go past them without alerting the enemy team without movement util such as teleports or something like Jett’s upward draft, however they are much more vulnerable to being destroyed by any utility so they don’t typically work as well when anchoring a site.
Man, I'm just like the next youtube guy who gives you tutorials. I've shared a long time ago a pretty extensive tutorial guide under a post, I can find it for you but it's long.
buying a bundle should give you all of the guns upgraded fully with all the variants unlocked, and ones you buy from individually from the shop later on should have to be upgraded with radianite
Console players liking raze on release just makes sense
Hey ! I've been searching a good Colorblind filter software for a very long time.

Do you mind sharing the one you are using. I would be very interested ! \^\^
I had a guy in an unrated game who refused to buy anyone even though he was only buying sheriffs, then got bored of doing sheriff only and started buying rifles. No one bought him when he requested purely because he bought for no one else
Could you provide your tracker? I'm ready to do some stats about your win% for 1v1 and 1v2. I predict you win more 1v1 than 1v2, and win more 2v1 than 1v1, but maybe you're right.

I'd say winning a 1v2 is more memorable, whereas losing them is so normal that you don't remember them. As for 1v1s, winning one feels like it's normal (when in reality it's a 50/50), whereas losing one is disappointing and so you remember these losses more.

It creates a bias, where you overestimate your 1v1 losses and overestimate your 2v1 wins. But I doubt we'd see that if we look at the numbers.
You are reading it wrong. You played so awesome that the game think this us your level now. You'd rank up in no time if you just keep that level in those games.
Have you tried communicating with them and just asking them not to pick up your gun? I do this a lot and rarely ever have this issue, actually only maybe twice with a shorty, but when I do simply asking them to leave it and explaining why resolves the issue.
Why do I see myself in this comment
I'm not even saying. I've spent £ not dollars and every comment still says less then me
They are from the valorant community challenges, you can see more informations on their website here :

https://playvalorant.com/en-us/news/community/valorant-community-challenges-2023/
Should free, rechargable util hard counter 600 credits with no strings attached?
I use my thumb it’s already resting on space and I use scroll wheel to jump anyways
it’s super lame but my guess is that since skins only come in the shop, they don’t want people making a million accounts and gifting themselves skins from their alt accounts to their main
One piece of advice: stop aiming at the ground, you will start doing way better
BEAR
It's honestly embarrassing the things people do over a rainbow gun buddy in a video game, and it's even more embarrassing that they think they're making any type of change
When he ults, he gets that little pea head that seems to blend in with everything around it, 90% more effective than his actual ult
Pshhhh nahhhhh start em while they’re young
No clue why more ppl don’t just play unrated when they have a big skill difference to their friends
Another greedy move by Riot.
That’s how I found mine!
jett because she looked cool  
kj because i was hot ass on jett  
cypher when he got the trip buff  
reyna because every game i would have an instalock that would go 5-20  


I now main reyna but will play cypher on sunset and fill senti if needed
As a PC player, seeing this shit in my game makes me think you have aimbot 😅 /j
Lmfao. “Shorty, good save.” *starts reloading* “………alas.”
wtf
What rank are you?
why did you show me this? i now have to fork over money to riot for brain-pleasing animations!
You never do any micro adjustments, just flick and instantly shoot with no target confirmation *hoping* you hit something.
when I saw the title of the post I agreed for diff reasons, I literally just love his little creatures. They just make me happy and less angry, idk why 😭😭😭😭
OP saw TenZ using it


Next thing he thinks: Is Kuronami the new Reaver???!?
Is this 10 or 20 fps?
I am 25 and I feel young in real life and feel like a fossil in valorant community.
Well, the tracker doesn’t miss a single game that ever happened since release in episode 1, so your 683 in unrated is *the* highest you’ve had. Not 800 lol. You also have a 1kd overall lifetime so must have truly been a once in a lifetime game!
So yes there are cheaters in valorant. But no 36 in tdm is very unlikely to be one. Sometimes there are games where a single high elo player gets into low elo lobbies (e.g. immo into bronze lobby) and it may feel like they are cheating.
Their offensive skill allows them to force one advantageous fight, which I think is fair. The revive mechanic is counterable by rushing and doesn’t feel overpowered either. The smokes & death mechanic is unique, but doesn’t feel gamebreaking and it’s also dependant on where you died (so if you got killed trying to flank then you’ll only be able to hotbox yourself). 

They don’t feel oppressive as of now. Moreso their kit and visuals feel nice and it makes me feel wrong for enjoying Valorant.
I'm calling it now she has an ability to walk through walls 

There's radios on Sunset. Some teasers given out show that this new Agent has a music motif. A DJ on the radio comms once said something about "oh if you could have any power what would it be" and they said they'd walk through walls
i get some actually insane plays on astra anf after every single clutch with not even a stray "nice" at least i can rely on her to say "im expecting my congratulations" 🥲
Skill issue learn to clear corners lmao. Again, they put themselves in an advantageous position and you're punished for not doing your due diligence. It's just how the game works 🤷‍♀️
can't wait for the new map rotation, this is by far the worst set of maps
What rank is this
Fully missed, the tracer makes it look like it hit her, but it didn't


Clear skill issue here, this is so me😂
yes, and coming from cs, all i knew was to rely on my mechanical skills but yes it is a bad habit that i am trying to get rid of.
The game literally WANTS you to rank up. It recognizes you’re better than the average bronze, and will reward you more RR per win. In turn, getting you into silver/gold quicker.
the community often interchanges ace for a pentakill --> which is just killing 5 ppl in a round

The official requirements for an ace are:

* Round must be won
* Guy who aced must've killed each enemy player at least once
* Guy who aced must've gotten at least 5 kills in that round (thats why u can't ace when someone on the enemy team is afk)

So all aces are pentakills but not the other way around. 

Exceptions include:

* Like you said, if you get 5 kills but don't win the round (don't have time to defuse for example)
* Killed someone twice off of sage res, but didn't kill every single player at least once (ie i got a 5k, but 2 of those kills were enemy jett who got resed)

also this means you can technically ace with 5/6 kills, and even if your dead if all the requirements r met. Like you kill each player once --> person who got resed by sage killed you, and your teamates get the last kill --> you will still ace.

And this is how the GAME defines ace --> which is when the announcer says it.
tbf that dev team was also full of former cs pros
This shit is cursed
The smurfing is real bad in bronze/silver for sure. I’ve been on and off with this game every year or so and this is probably my worst experience ever. It’s to the point if I see a lvl 20 account with bronze rank and their KDA isn’t huge, I’ll be shocked.
Flash initiators are the absolute worst lmao the amount of utility I see going to waste is insane. Skyes flashing at the start of the round for "info" when you can just jump or wait 1 second and hear enemies stomping, kayos chucking a flash with no plan to peek or coordinate with a teammate, breaches saving flash for valorant 2.
They were hits, she had overheal shield, which doesn't count as damage
lol, its muscle memory from cod and other fps games...i do try to supress this habit tho
bro an investigator
In 5 years time kjs ult will require 20 points.
Was anyone around for the OD26 counterstrafe ruckus on Twitter
Why can't we do this on a weekend? What am I supposed to do at work for 2 days?
Bro mastered RNG
My favorite is probably Kyedae I think she's a good player who is very interactive with her community and has a great sense of humor.

My least favorite is Joshseki he's very whiny. If he's losing he automatically is being stream sniped or queue sniped. The number of times he's gotten angry about people "queue snipping" who just asked if it was seriously him in the game and then gone off on a tangent about how no streamer wants to play with their viewers just turned me off as a viewer.
As a deadlock main , please THERE'S ONLY B

THERE'S ONLY B

THERE'S ONLY B

THERE'S ONLY B

THERE'S ONLY B

THERE'S ONLY B

THERE'S ONLY B

THERE'S ONLY B

THERE'S ONLY B
Starting at 990$ a month for 48 months, then 1500$ a month. 20k$ cancellation fee.
OP is not looking to improve, just copeposting
They don't seem to care because they have millions of subscribers who don't care that they smurf, in fact they look up to them and defend them.
it’s gorgeous!
LETS GO, tired of seeing this broken ass agent every game
Holy this looks rough
Haven't met a cheater in VAL (that I know of). Playing Faceit you wont meet cheater in cs either. But stay away from valve servers.

Harder about valorant is learning all the agents and abilitys.

It's easier in valorant to get free kills. I.e with abilitys/ultimates

Right now I'm enjoying Valorant alot more than CS2
Scared for a sec that they nerfed Kayo
[deleted]
He lied about his Valorant rank to trick children into giving him money for coaching so I'm not surprised if he is a piece of shit in ranked as well.
[Well, they said it very clearly.](https://ibb.co/zPj3Btc)
Just got my Araxys this night and also went for the black variant. I actually had instantly the heaviest "Aimbot Vandal" feeling with it. Only had it that heavy with the Reaver back in the days and the Prelude to Chaos. The sound is so satisfying, the visuals are also amazing.
No it hertz
Sova did shoot the clone :D
A bronze player asking if a certain agent is meta is like a guy in a wheelchair buying the best running shoes to run faster.

Yes, Fade is still very much playable.
bro is last alive on reyna, you know he's def the reyna that baits and gets lurking frags.
Making a mistake under high pressure? You'd never!

Don't need to sound that mad about it lmao.
This is just assumption, but it might be because you are moving faster and jumping around it's throwing off the pace of your aiming
I just want them to be better than Iso 😭 Iso got done dirty
To be honest, idk why they gave the ability that needs kills to be activated a 2 kill charge. They could leave it as is but reduce its time. Or make it a timed charge. But his shield is kinda crazy
I didn't even think of Sova. But yes. 100% agree
This is key, and they even iterated positively on the tac shooter core. I like the gunplay in valorant better than CS:GO / 2, obviously that is subjective. And the servers are more solid as well.
Immortal here-

Some interesting things: It’s pretty rare for me to get a no comm game. Most if not all people communicate, regardless of age/gender. Waaaaay more men than women though, which ig is expected. 

Lot of people wish they were immortal because it has less throwers/toxic people, but this isn’t true. The amount of toxic people is CRAZY. Maybe it’s just this act pissing people off, but like half of the games where we’re down by 1 or 2 rounds, people start arguing and getting toxic. 

‘Specific playstyle’- ngl I play like a coward lol. IGL and midround the entire game while going like 13-15 most games playing support. 

Aim routine- play Roblox for a good 3 hrs then queue ranked. No aimlabs, vaaks, nothing.
Your “friend” has no taste /j
Yes, previous agents you don't have are unlocked by kingdom credits
I mean you could've at least told the Omen whether the Judge player was on the right or left of hell so that he can spam lol. But nice shots regardless, at least you won the round for your team
Ppl needa stop focusing on the ult, that sonic sensor seems so damn good, it’s completely invisible so you put it on a common peek spot and you can get easy kills by baiting them to shoot
I wouldn't say blinds are harder to avoid, a pop flash is way more powerfull than a gekko flash over a wall but I prefer hard flashes instead of nearsight/blinds
What tf is that name
It will but it’s going to be completely separate from PC ranked. Your PC account will transfer to console, and your skins will transfer, but not your rank.
Ahahahaha everyone shy to shoot the wall now
i have good aim but i still hate breeze, its way too open
It was the sexual jokes all the time for me. It got so old so quick
u win more RR and lose less RR with higher acs
See? I forget the cypher trip even does damage! We are learning so much!
On that note can they hear me fart while I silently hold an angle.
"Oh man I can't wait to try and get my Silver 1 rank up game now!"

"Hi guys I'm drunk and I'm instalocking Yoru. Have fun!"
Cypher is just like me, my soulmate.
And better enemy highlight so she reacts faster
Flamethrower
He watched the brim take the fight and didn’t swing to fight with the brim or to trade him. 

If Iso had swung out earlier or even swung before the Brim (which he should be doing as the only agent with a shield), the Brim would likely still have been alive.
Could I ban an agent on my own team   (Reyna)?
Oh yeah you're right. Do we know why though? Seems a bit unfair for our poor brimmy
there’s no restrictions with 5-stacks
I would swap for skye.
you had like 10 sec on a still target and STILL didn't aim for the head lmao
The champions inspect dimension thingy mixed with sunset
The answer is every day, but the other answer is never. When I started I thought decent meant gold, then I got gold and thought gold was trash and decent was diamond, then I got ascendant and there’s still the same apparent proportion of players out there that are unattainably better than I am. There’s always going to be people that make you feel like a beginner all over again so it’s best to just make sure you are improving and having a good time.
Would omen just… like… fall apart canonically if he got hit by a kayo knife?
Because yoru was considered "the worst" and I have a problem
It's bad because they can walk through your smokes and sit in them / go to that box to the far right you should smoke right before they are able to get to heaven , and then doors always
Who said I haven’t started? 

Check your closet before you sleep buddy because I’ll be coming out.
But then the price should be reduced right ? I think the Marshal is stronger right now as it is way cheaper , only 40 less damage than outlaw and has more bullets plus accurate no scopes .
Like how deadlock was deemed bad but i was kidnapping agents and pinning them against walls before her wall became a giant hallway simulator
Like I've been saying, RAT gaming I have mastered. Once I learn how to shoot it's bye bye gold/plat and welcome Radiant!
This is the best thing about the map. I hope I can throw off 4 of my friends with a Breach ult someday.
Also, when together with KAY/O:

> KAY/O: *"Brimstone, game plan! Let's do what we did at the battle of Hell's Bridge."*

> Brim: *"Kay/O, I have no idea of what you're talking about."*
let’s calm down
The BP one, the 008 is very small and on its side but you can see it slightly left of the blue middle part
Sabine Callas is Vipers name
Wingman said: *"You want to play? Let's play!"*
Yup. Crashed back into reality when he realized the player base is much better than it was in the past.
Viper finishing the job for chamber? That’s heaven for him
ill let you know once i unlock clove
SEN taclaus#hoho and i only saw them during Christmastime lol
I love when people do that because it screams sarcasm and it’s actually funny
Its more about making riot keep their promises, than actually getting one.  
Don‘t get me wrong we do want one, especially content creators and pros.

We want riot to focus more on QOL than content.
Looks like your webcam might have a backdoor installed by manufacturer
https://packetstormsecurity.com/files/141523/Wireless-IP-Camera-P2P-WIFICAM-GoAhead-Backdoor-Remote-Command-Execution.html
If it's outrageously broken then they will fix it within a week or two just like when the ares became busted after a change
"surely they won't peek again, it'd be very stupid, so I can just stop looking th-" *dies*"
Damn these reddit streets are ruthless LMAO
I hate that I can’t even vocalize a reason to hate it, it’s just weird. Every time I play it I get the feeling that no one knows how they want to play it and I genuinely can’t figure out an effective way to play it. To me it feels the most CS:GO-y of all the maps
"Ultimate cabbages" lol
Using operator is hard on retake and very strong on holding angle on post-plant.

2 guys using OP on different sites is guaranteed one gonna retake with an OP if you lose a site. Lower the chance u win the game but it increase the chance to hold the site. It's not optimal play but it can work, sometime even the game deciding choice.
and one more thing don't flame teammates or scream in your teammates ears. here is a proper callout. viper, heaven 120. followed by a ping
My coworkers loses this
i peaked immortal 2 before, and i played in scrim lobbies, it’s not like it’s impossible but lately with the last couple of acts it’s just extremely difficult and i just look like a shit player compared to them it’s driving me insane
"AFK"
Yep I knew it but couldn’t verify if it’s a bug because I don’t own the other weapon within this skin line. Lot of people were hyped and willing to buy but now their hopes got shot down
I'm not sure if it's a region thing or not.

Atleast in Mumbai, it's literally so rare to get a report confirmed. 

I feel like EU/NA are better moderated
play off their contact


so once they make contact with an enemy, you swing


to differentiate it from a trade, a trade is a more broad term


contact is optimally used when the person who has contact is in a position, to where when they make contact, the enemy is in an open position to the other person, so they can't escape
The trick to breaking a crouch spray habit is to replace it with a better habit, standing still (no crouch) and spraying is just as bad as crouch spraying, if not worse. You need to replace it with proper gunfight hygiene, by that I mean strafe-shooting. (Bursting then strafing to the side and repeat)

Look up Woohoojin's gunfight hygiene video for more info.
 No thanks, the thought of Breach being able to buy 3 flashes in the pistol round scares the shit our of me.
Fade just needs an aggressive team to thrive. Most ranked fades I see are sitting in the backline playing for info. If you play her like a duelist hybrid she can absolutely roll teams.
A ghost means killing in one shot, and buying heal instead of blind means you can get armor too. A ghost with armor is pretty advantageous on pistol round
Basically every play like this requires skill. You played well, obviously.

But that double in the end looks pretty lucky to me
Didn't even realize it had 2 bullets😭
If I were smarter than a dry rock, this would probably be pretty cool and interesting
Had a kayo that wanted to ff twice in the first half because we weren’t doing well. Second half came around and 3 of us dropped a 30 bomb to ties up the game. Kayo put in chat “how you let 3 guys dropped a 30 bomb on yo asses and come back from 10-2” it was even more salt to the wound when he was the last one left and clutched in a 1v3 to kick it in OT. That was probably one of the most insane game I witness almost dropped a 40 bomb.
C1n’t wait to see radiant consol player get iron stuck on pc
i think the panel doesnt have hitbox
Bro breeze and icebox should be bombed I cannot stress enough how bad the maps both are. IMO split and lotus are Fr the best maps in existence.
Istg, the amount of times i have used a spectre and the enemies are like just out of range and the bullets just go everywhere had gotta be a conspiracy against me
No, the entire point of Odin is it’s a spam gun. They reduced rifle mags so there’s more thought behind shots
Killuaツ / Sasukeツ, or an obviously ironic name like CheesecakeLover202
Man, haven my favorite map. Sad to see it go
Yeah the ace got stolen unfortunately but we won the round so a net W fosho
Just release more skin bundles and raise the prices please!
How do u spray with vandal at that distance man I miss every shot i spray lol
that's a bit sus. Your internet connection lost you that game bro.
well I hope I never queue into you
bro I just type "look behind you" because I think it's funny
Wow didnt know hes on reddit really clean Shots
I had a guy yell at us for not buying after losing pistol round. He said “WOW MUST BE A SILVER LOBBY” in all chat. I said to him, don’t you buy after winning pistol and not just every time? He got mad then shut up. People are weird
It glows when you place the tp, not when you use it, so it doesn't matter if it's gonna be fake or real.
I feel like a lot of the community is in denial with how much of a problem smurfing has become. I don't think it's always been this bad but it's now the worst it's ever been. Analyze how frequent smurfs are in Plat/Diamond/Ascendant are and multiply that by 2x or 3x. Thats how often it is in low elo. It's absolutely abysmal. 

To the copers, sure the team can work together to shut down the smurf and focus on taking them out. But it's still something that shouldn't be this common of an issue. The normal players also shouldn't be required to completely change their play style to deal with this issue. It kinda messes with the process of new players learning the game too when they have to do outlandish things just to take out a smurf.
Clove men  
Clomen  
C-men  
Semen
Yep, ranked is 100% flawed on this game in the sense that regardless of what you’re capable of, after a few games when you’re starting out the game has already decided what rank it thinks you are and it’ll take a massive amount of effort to get you out of it. If you then play that account until you’re capable and do placements on another account you’ll all of a sudden smash it and get a good placement. Really hidden mmr just needs to go and the rr for winning/losing should be a fixed rate.
All these duelist mains playing clove with horrendous smokes. One saying yourself is so bad.
Yesterday I told my teammates "don’t push a they have raze grenade, breach stun and fade pull" guess what happened 2 rounds after
Getting it in deathmatch is a w
I know right every match I queue in I feel like rolling a dice between teammates who goes afk or a teammate who throws. Just this last match I had a guy afk. The match before was allright but the match before WE had a guy AFK AT ROUND 3 SO WE COULDN'T remake and had to surrender. And the match before before before we had TWO TEAMMATES who picked up the spike and stayed in spawn and kept telling locations in all chat cuz they were "Playing in alt accounts and wanted to have some fun" and I had to tryhard a lot with sova to eventually draw the game at 14-14. I reported them all but the ones afk will most likely get punished the throwers will prolly queue in and destroy other peoples lives even more  
  
Heres my tracker if anyones wondering a little bit of advice would be appreciated :)  
[https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/636%23666/overview](https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/636%23666/overview)
i wouldn’t say we’re tech illiterate, just stupid
Probably silver. Whenever I try the "chamber thing" in diamond/asc elo it's 50/50. Sometimes I get rapid swinged and headtapped and sometimes i pull it off
i go soba 🍜
As a breach main I didn't consider this, but stunning every 10 seconds? Forget about doing ANY sort of team pushes onto a choked site (most maps)
Someone overly aggressive commented and a lot of people jumped on him for it.
I just want to add that the key problem is that Valorant is designed in a way that the team has to work together because everyone has different abilities, so everyone has to do their part for the team to win. Most players don’t know how to use every ability efficiently, let alone combine them efficiently. 

For example, on an eco round of attacking Haven, a great way to do this is to have controller smoke c long site entrance, everyone contact up c long, dart, flash, molly, then everyone pop out. You will be surprised how effective this is, but it rarely works when I solo queue (asc/diamond) because I have to explain this to everyone, get everyone to agree, and try to make sure everyone do their part. On top of that if this doesn’t end up working, which it shouldn’t because it’s our ECO ROUND, sometimes someone will start complaining
It’s actually not a bad idea, and I like your map representation of what it could look like. However, I think Riot wants to keep all team-based modes as 5v5 since that’s primarily how the game is balanced.
Could they be working on a replay system?
Because DMs aren't the same as comp.   
1. Most people play them just to warmup or mess around  
2. Aside from crosshair placement, movement and peeking aren't done the same in DM (as opposed to say, holding specific angles on a site  
3. Somewhat similar to above, when you're playing in a comp game there is utility, timing, and team coordination. (ex: In DM you have the benefit of not getting smoked off, or not having one enemy flash you while the other swings).  


It's not to knock your performance, it's still good.   
Maybe try to work on your headshots, if you keep improving that you'll get even more frags (and less assists than your 9 here).
Game-winning spot.
A lot of pros play on low sens, if you are not like above 500 it's all good
They have about 0% wallbang so idk
I say at least make it 40. One vandal hit.
Fr why rank up and miss these kind of action
This would be insane as hell
You're very JUDGEmental.
Did you think it was similar to Counter strike at first, or would you still say that?
Bro that Skye was literally me I'm not in ranked matchmaking yet but that's me bruh 💀💀💀
everything that kills me is anti fun
Nothing that's good will last forever friend.

Maybe an ex wife. Maybe an ex girlfriend. Maybe a best friend. Maybe a video game. Maybe valorant.

It's time to put the torch down and do something that you actually want to dump your time into.

Best of luck and take care friend!
This. People tend to forget his shield can take 1 instance of damage. Whether it be 1 OP shot or 1 classic shot... But instead, everyone complains how unfair he is to play against. It's not unfair, just requires to play differently, like with any other agent...
Say what you want about bottom ELO players but they have fun with the game more than us
Please be careful, I hear some mean awful stuff I never want my 8 year old to hear.. 

Im glad your having fun but please take care.
I forgot who said this but   
Rank is just pixels on a screen   
Skill is what makes you good  
It's the player, not the rank
yeap, they said at one point that the reason for releasing the update first in NA is so that they are at work and can hotfix some of the bugs that appear.
"I miss her"
For me it was probably, crosshair placement and calm aim rather than being flashy and trying to hit flicks. I went from plat 2 to Immortal 1 that season.
Triple kills don’t tell whether a gun is good . I’ve had More aces on a stinger than a spectre, but they both are good . Stinger is better than a spectre when you are in a position that can isolate duels , while spectre is better when you’re going to be taking consecutive fights and will have no time to reload .
I just had a game yesterday in which I hit the wrong button. I was so upset with myself. Weirdly enough, my team didn't hate on me too much about it. I admitted and apologized, calling myself an idiot. They agreed and that was the worst of it.
Idk what they can do man, when she had 5 stars and no delay on activating them after placement it just made pro matches boring asf. Every single push is just immediately stalled out. I don’t know what the solution is. Give her five stars and somehow make it so she can’t succ at the start of the round? I don’t know.
I think in general only agents who can support their team from afar should lurk.

Since initiator utility is probably the most helpful util to enter site they are likely the last roll you would want to lurk on (exception COULD be made for maybe Sova and fade if they have the lineup for it - but even then it's a 1 time per game thing and shouldn't be done regularly since missing prowlers and drone is making life hard)
Apparently in gold/plat, on first round defense just five stacking whatever site they are more likely to hit and running it down. It works like 70% of the time and people are consistently blown away that it works
bc death match is just aim while in a real match you have to focus on other things
Is my gameplay that bad 😭😭
Another reason to nerf chamber
yea, iso v chamber interaction is probably the closest thing this game has to "hard counter".
I started as Iron 3 in November and still am Iron 3 lol.
Great idea and wouldn't take much to implement. Hopefully riot see this
That was $800 kill 😅 but was worth it
$850. Or around there. The key is to not spend your salary on games but your side money. Get yourself a sidehustle like rizzcash and then you dont feel guilty spending it on in game currency.. It's the only reason why my wife lets me get away with it.😂
thanks
Yeah, he’s boosted but he’s still better than 90% of this sub is or ever will be lol. His advice particularly for beginners is solid.
No, I think you are picturing like John wick as we use the term hitman or some other cool Hollywood actor. Well we can't change a perspective of someone but why is it that a hitman can't ask for snacks. And even jett talks about snacks and all (maybe roit was trying to relate something here).

Btw who are musician and cook?? (i presume musican will be raze ig.  And who is cook?)
Second worst; iso takes the cake
Yep, one average match of CS2 contains more toxicity than month of valorant. Its like 50/50 there, first to tilt loses
Wingman with classic
"Today we're going one radiant neon Vs 10 iron yorus with infinite abilities and shorty only. "
They are bullies with fragile egos plain and simple
Well, there are many countries on this Earth.
ik for a fact that this won't work in iron because we just run through the cage
Pocket sage
Cs got some goat skins. Valorant just leans more into the fantasy ones.
I'm sure that's the only reason
Good Job! You'll be out of iron 1 in no time!
there's a game called palworld that people have been spending their time on.
Every player should main duelist at somepoint. It helps a ton with confidence
can’t wait for this moment tbh, im really excited to see my prediction holds up of B being the default site and A being the site for big ults
Are people really still using zowie mouses in 2024?
Personally i think omen is the best, hes versatile and no one plays smokes. But maybe im just biased because i feel like i always lose when the team doesnt have smokes
140 headshot? What kind of bs is this?
yes but in this case hes complaining about team comp while picking raze every map
run and gun and bait demon i respect it
I get it's hard for Riot to implement something for situations like this that wouldn't be abused, but what bothers me is even if you open a ticket describing in detail what the guilty party did and Riot verifies it, all they'll do is ban that account. Your RR is lost along with your time. They refuse to refund your RR for that game. 

It's bad enough that we have to waste 30-40 minutes of our time or take a penalty ourselves by leaving the match and getting punished for it, but the least they could do after verifying issue in game is refund the rest of the team's lost RR.

This is why they need to implement a verification system linked to phone number. That would drop the number of trolls and cheaters we see by choosing to play in verified ranked games. Let these idiots that want to waste people's time play unranked or in unverified ranked lobbies that will have so much less meaning.
Nice! Thats so amazing!! Also well done, for helping new players learn.

Also, What servers do you play on?
We need to start making bets on what their statement will be.

 “Technology just isn’t there yet, we’re looking into it.”

The client and matches still sometimes takes like 2 min to load so I’m inclined to believe it at this point.
10000 IQ
>Will not show leniency to others

Yeah, he should have stayed banned. If others would get punished for using the same exact program, he shouldn’t be getting unbanned.
Why lurk? 

* you can control a lot of space which is very valuable for a team that recognizes when to cancel a hit on the site and rotate. A trip sentinel is great for lurking because they can cover their own backs, and their team's backs.

* once the team knows lurks are a threat, they'll put resources into defending lurks which makes hitting a site easier, at that point, it's best to go with the team. 

* lurks will provide the opportunity for catching rotations, killing 1 to 2 and winning the game. You can also get early info on rotations which could help you determine the opposing team's habits. (I.e, do they rotate fast? Should we take next round?)

* the value of above is so much more than adding a fifth man to a site hit. Even if you die on a lurk, that's still value because now they're aware your team wants to lurk.
Hey! I’m 27 and I do this /s
His whole gimmick is a counter to those weapons though lol
I am 24 with a full time job. I play to meet people, I play to release my competitive energy. I play for fun, because I enjoy the base game. Maybe find a new game? Maybe take a break? Who knows maybe you’re just genuinely over it and it’s time to move on.
Its called player loadouts always visible or something in the settings.
Valiant hero, only because my parents nicknamed me after the monkey they based it off.
I stand completely still every time ISO ults me, works way too often.
I don't miss Fracture, but I do miss Pearl. I wouldn't even be mad at the map pool if it wasn't because maps repeat themselves constantly, something that never happened as often since BETA. There's nights that I could literally go to sleep and I didn't see 1 or 2 maps while I might have played sunset for example like 2 or 3 rimes in a row...
I main cypher because:
- cool design 
- best voice and voice lines 
- can lock down any site on his own
- a true manice when lurking as an attacker
Stinger. It can get you a rifle very effectively on ecos, if you play close angles.
Looks pretty sick! The Spectrum phantom looks very nice too!
Hardcore:

- FF
- no Radar
- in fact no hud at all 
- reload bins the remaining bullets
-
He ended up just like leagues Neace who claimed to be challenger in multiple roles and regions. Started off with solid guides, positive coaching, etc and eventually showed themselves to be an egomaniac and toxic. 
Obviously change all your logins and passwords on both your email and riot account. I don’t think you’ll have any problem with Riot unless they were cheating which in that case if you open a complaint they can usually see if it was another person who logged on in those sessions.
I think valorant made this map for jett mains.
Seems you’d have been better off asking which signature ability is worse. I’ve seen most the roster in the comments.
Lotus is the second most recent map added they’re not gonna get rid of it
He crossed without checking is corners while you were facing the wall probably
What skin do you have on? It totally makes a  difference eheheh
ok where do i sign up to this "vct" thing
I love this post. This is PEAK comedy. It’s a perfect representation of this sub.
last few matches ive been getting 24-30 and losing 4-9
Kids these days are learning more words and concepts than I knew until I was in high school 😪
Nice clutch but the sweat shaking is crazy 😭
You end up getting kicked after 3 rounds for killing allies anyway, which I think the trolls are even happier about. Used to have trolls run into my mollies or in front of my operator scope so that I'd get auto-kicked, what a shit system.
Read the article, there is no crossplay but there is cross progression which is great. Skins, battle pass, etc will sync between PC and console.
I remember when it used to be 10 games of unranked. Good times
Skye is the best dog to clear close, birds that flash and give info, an ult that gives more info. The heal is okay. I mean you kind of need to comm if you want to climb. Specially when they took away skye ability to play greedy with her flashes.
I would say you can bait Iso's ult with Yoru's clone instead.
yes, that's obviously something you can do, but in the heat of the moment, you can't always prepare to flash like that. The easier solve would be to make the surface of the box smooth so skye can do her pop flash.
what my 3/15/2 teammate thinks is going to happen (it's 16th time he tried)
I want to be able to shake them furiously like the CS2 incendiary grenade inspect.
Vandal:

1. Kuronami (black/red)
2. Forsaken (gold)
3. Gaias (blue)

Phantom:

1. Neo frontier (white)
2. Oni (white/gold)
3. Ion
I died laughing at that- cypher just like wait- I died- how-
Meowing, barking, getting mad if you ask for util, racists, sexists and all sorts. The last two are less common than in CS, but there's definitely more weirdos in Val that aren't just pieces of crap lmao
They should randomize character positions every time so you can’t have your mouse ready for instalock
Cage is cage, smoke is smoke, they both obstruct vision but the cage also makes a sound when an enemy is inside.
Just a word of In my opinion chamber has a pretty strong map pool, and with the recent buffs to buff to his headhunter he is very viable in solo queue, especially on breeze, sunset, icebox, and lotus you can easily carry games and take over. Just have fun and if you think chamber is good, have fun and you will win!
Idk about all the different util recharge times but I like playing sova and its feels really balanced except for ult. I really don't like how ults are so overly tied to the ult orbs with no passive charge. Like half my games I'm not able to charge ult while sometimes I'm getting it multiple times. It just feels a bit to slow especially with something like sova ult that really isn't that good in TDM, people don't group up its good for maybe 0.7 kills and leaves you vulnerable. Idk make the orbs charge less and give every ult a passive recharge depending on thier impact. Like sova ult, sage ult, Cypher ult, omen ult, should be way quicker than, Neon ult, Reyna ult, Chamber ult, Jett ult, even viper ult.

My other gripe is some of the maps are really annoying like why is it a trend to have a bunch of close walls near spawn where enemies can swing you right out of the doors where you have nowhere to go.

But yeah I do love TDM it helps bridge the gap between deathmatch warmup and util usage/looking at minimap.
They’ll be punished if what they were doing is punishable and they get reported.
Is drift the one where it's just a huge long range peek straight out of spawn and then 2 lanes on either side?

I fucking HATE that map, and I practically afk when I get it.
Yeah definitely iron/bronze. This is a crazy elo. Like the way Skye just peeked you, what a nutjob
MoistCritical pulls out AR
The biggest issue is sightlines, on this map when you swing corners your swinging into 15 different angles half the time. Pushing sites because extremely hard because of how many place's you have to clear while taking space on site. This leads to alot of deaths that feel extremely frustrating because there's only so much you can do. The only way to counter is by running initiator, if he's not properly using his util or his util is getting shut down you have to push blind. Moving over to B site this site only has easy 1 viable plant spot and it often times becomes a stand still waiting for molo's to pop/go away. These issues only also get more frustrating the higher in the ranks because people get better, more teamwork, better util usage etc. Icebox is just a really shitty map to play for the most part. These issue's become more apparent the longer you play and learn more about how the game works. When you play against a good icebox team, it is the worst experience right next to playing breeze without hall.
Yes. You are the only consistent difference between your teams and the enemy teams. Don't worry about winning though, just try your best and try to learn. You've already taken a good step with identifying the importance of comms. 
I am bronze and can only agree. People plant so often even though there is no control at all and only a safe plant is possible. Open plants, that can be defended easily, are made extremely rarely.
Figuring out which button is the defuse button your first time
Spamming smokes with aim assist would be craaaazy
My most recent, attacking viper planted A site icebox and ulted. I silently went up to nest and then did a running jump into the pit in a corner where enemies often rat and landed behind the viper and was able to knife her before she could turn around. I felt like a bad ass
Radiant entertainment system
But not the current timeline's future. He's from the future of an alternate universe.
a shotgun sniper hybrid that has 2 firing modes? So, pre-nerf bucky?
I love this revert. Map felt worse when they removed this imo.
lol yeah, i don't even know how one of the knife hits was a backstab
Downvoted for the arrogance, while playing with Odin
Reyna - It's Reyna.. She sucks only if you suck.
Skye/Gekko - Dynamically controllable initiators don't need direct LOS to cast util.
Omen/Clove/Viper/Astra/Harbor - Requires more skill, but every rechargeble smoke character is useful. Some are better than others in the current meta though.
Cypher/Killjoy - Useful if and only if you properly play utility otherwise garbage because they cause you to have a false sense of security.
Not sure if it's fixed, if she is overhealed, gets 200hp (100hp +50 shield+ 50 overheal)
I just hope the bundle has variants. The default yellowish dark colors just ain't it. Make some green pink blue etc. variants alongside the default one.
damn and whenever I panic spray every shot creates a perfect outline of the bodies and I get one-tapped right after
If you're mixing up A and B like you did in your post, I would learn the map via Woohoojin's Youtube video and other guides before coming here.
I love that they take what players do in game and put it back into the lore/story like this.
If sound is bad, entire skin is bad
“Guys I’m back let’s shoot some heads.”
Gets one tapped
Repeat.
the straight up misinformation is insane. as an NA player, i can say that the ranks in NA are inflated due to overpopulation of the server. a bad plat NA is on par with a good silver EU, probably worse if they can’t play properly with their team
post death smokes are nice
For me, not really. Immortal sounds more like you're an elite. But Radiant sounds like you're a cut above the rest. Gifted. So you're radiating from it. And both are def better than what it used to be, Valorant.
that's great but it's just not counterstrafing this is deadzoning, great clips regardless!
Just get a sens thats   
a) comfortable for you  
b) allows you to 180 comfortably ( so theoretically you can dodge flashes )  
c) isnt super high or super low ( 190 - 320 edpi is a very common range, but that doesnt mean its bad if its not in this range ) Super high would be like 1000 edpi and super low 50 edpi
Most characters can be extremely useful with just their utility alone. I think your decision should be based on your playstyle, where you feel most comfortable, and how you like to contribute to the team.

Heck, even duelists are a fine choice if you like to be aggressive and get in people's faces. You just need to understand how to use their abilities to entry, and have the confidence to run in and do that even when you aren't getting kills. But chances are, if you start focusing on agents that fit your style more, you'll also find yourself fragging better and better.

I'd just say to avoid a certain few like Jett, Reyna, and Chamber. Those agents really rely heavily on aim to deliver.
Iron 1 gameplay
This is a top 3 battlepass they’ve ever made. Possibly top 2 tbh.
AFAIK there are no tier1 pros anywhere near your edpi, the closest is like 1-1.2k.  Like 80+% of pros are within 160-320edpi, which is 5-10x slower than you.  

Do you feel like you struggle to microadjust under pressure?  If you feel like you can fully control your mouse in stressful situations then its whatever.  

Anyone can put together a highlight reel, you need to look at your deaths, not highlights.
Head level is slightly higher than you think at long distances. When I was first starting out, that was one thing that massively improved my aim on the bigger maps.
I think it's because you want to get revenge. You want to show that you can do better. It happens quite often in low elo.
It sounds like you aren’t having fun. The point of game is to have fun. It’s time to either try a new game or try something different- read a book, watch a show, try something creative. The point of you playing those 4000 hours was entertainment, no shame in moving on to something else
I think that too, the "ball" that becomes the smoke blocked the flash
I have 44% Headshot average overall, my vandal is 60% and my sheriff 80%. Does HS % matter? not really, im still plat
its a bad map, it’s really really big.The falling offf concept is cool but the mid area is insane
Yes it is toxic
Why does the marshal looks so slow? Has it always been that slow?
Me. One time i pinged "wonderful" with sage. And someone replied back "yes" in ping. No one can beat that coordination.
You’ll need a console.
Weapon inaccuracy... something that should not exist on the first bullet of ANY weapon, especially in a tactical shooter.
Pro play:phoenix
undodgeable flash

Ranked:phoenix
6 point ult that give u two life

Fun:phoenix 
Flashing ur friends is fun

Lore:phoenix 
Literally immortal (or at least half immortal)
I got it in a game where I got in a game with a Riot dev. I just did some dumb stuff with Neon, bhopping backwards saying stuff that didn’t make sense in team chat. The whole team was laughing about it. Didn’t even know there was a dev in my game btw. At the end 1 of the team members that had their names hidden said “Neon check your inventory :)". And there it was
I was invited by a mutual friend and we swapped guns every round.  I would say it was love at first site execute but funny enough we both thought the other was gay at first.  It wasn't until later when we were playing every night that we realized that wasn't the case and we started a long distance relationship across the country me LA and her in Boston.  She moved in last November and now we get to play in our own gaming rooms but we can both look through the doorways to see each other across the hall and I can run into her room and hype her up after a sick clutch.
Now ur pub is gonna get filled with kids trying to meet that riot employee
Smoke mains rise up
Agreed with other comments. Feel like Sova will always be nice, that recon dart will take a little more time away from defenders turning around to clear it.
Ah I saw that. I thought it was a pretty ridiculous suggestion. Then I saw another video where he calls himself "a super famous coach" with every ounce of seriousness. Ha. 

I have always struggled to watch him because his ego has always been very apparent and whenever his stuff comes up on my timeline it seems to have grown bigger each time.
This. He became a self-centered cult leader who thinks he's always right and everyone who isn't following every detail he explained within the last year is an idiot. If anyone in chat disagrees with him - or just says anything he doesn't like - gets timed out. It's really crazy...
Must be a server thing I guess. We simply call it as Viper wall in Indian server.
lol yes. I like to play brim and it happens a lot.
Guys huge, game breaking, update!!

>!Literally nothing happened!<
And not having a replay system makes it way harder to tell for the community how many people cheat which is a nice little side effect of not having it.
Wait a minute, that sounds familiar.....
And “going a,b or c”. Now I can’t use my brainrot joke of spamming “going c” on a map with 2 sites :(
Genuinely there wasn't any intention lmfao
How do you filter those that are toxic? I feel like troll reporting will happen.

Lately ive been getting too many no mic/no comms game and it really hurts the experience. There should be an option for us to report those no mic users and if enough reports go through, they get put in a no comms queue
Just curious, does moving your aiming joystick during these test impact it at all? Especially the one where you're standing still but the bot is moving? IIRC - In apex if you stand perfectly still it doesn't magnet as strong but if you have any inputs (even very subtle) it thinks you're trying to aim and helps. People noticed it because having stick drift triggers it for some people at all times.
frfr im amazed i even played that much
No offense, but this is anything but clean.
Knives don't actually have a slashing hit box. It only does damage at a certain point of the animation on your cross hair. If you watch slowly, your cross hair was actually off iso body every time your knife came in.
The key to kj is positioning the turret to act as another player you can swing off of and to setup your mollies to pop off the turret as well.

Yes people will run out of the Molly but they will take some damage and if your turret lets you time it right you can separate the attacking team as some flee forward and some flee backwards.

Alarm bot is can be used smartly to swing off of by positioning it opposite of you so when they turn to shoot the bot you can swing and shoot them. Alternatively it can be setup to cover a lane your position is exposed to but that you don’t trust your teammates to watch.
You should credit divorcedits who made this originally
I'm not going to lie, I swore it would be at most "Hello, how are you? Help, I am under the water please" stuff

Sadly it isn't fr lol
Every comment is incorrect. It's genji's fault. Nerf genji.
well they did add a "\[player\] will lurk" command. i feel like that was just to piss people off tho.
Overwatch does it, r6 does it, chess.com does it.  
Only apex doesn't iirc apart from val
i'm so lost

  
sage isn't a smoker

and neither raze nor chamber are initiators
No way :(
This would make iso defusing the spike unbalanced.
shameless hahaha
they can however hear you swiping your knife if you right or left click. You'd be surprised how many people I catch doing it while flanking
Actual useful post with effort in this sub? Maybe gekko revive range has to be buffed so it will be kinda similar to cypher cam or they can make it so if u were in range of pick up distance it doesn't stop even if u went far away (although this particular interaction could create certain glitches so I can see why it's not like this) and split trash pile is bizzare.
I finally made it to gold and while there’s still smurfs it’s not near as bad. I played with my silver and unranked friends the other day and WOW, the amount of bronze 2 Reyna’s dropping 30+ in mostly silver lobbies is insane.
Hey, this was me. I just wanted to say that we're working on a video right now that will go into a bit more detail on these changes, set to launch around mid-May. Happy to answer whatever questions I can in the interim (although I can't answer everything!)
Nah, I’d win
You can definitely play controller with vandal but you’re right in that you’re in closer / weird angles a lot as viper so phantom feels a lot more intuitive to use. Plus close range 1 taps, no tracers and more bullets is so nice.
The spam was the best part
Stinger is broken sounds like he sucks at the game
Idk about telling him to go pro. Their is a huge difference between rank que and 5v5 team organized matches. But you should tell him to start streaming. Ppl would tune into that
Pros are playing a totally different game though.  

In solo queue, having a specter is gonna win you a gunfight against a pistol in most cases.  Having a full team of them is even better. 

Pros are probably more cautious because they are literally the best players in the world, and could easily get 1 shot by a sheriff or something.  Less likely to happen in solo queue.
Yeah maybe once or twice per match, not 50 times over and over. Also the spike is massive compared to flashes in this game so it doesn’t really work
The Pick me up changes have me crying.
Check Woohoojin's one month to gold routine. It explains the concept of counter strafing very well, and how to use it in real matches.
Generally I agree and I'm ngl i think map rotations are the worst concept ive encountered ever

I'm burnt out of the maps in rotation and I absolutely hate one or two of theme, and I think in unrated there is no reason for this.

Even Ubi/Siege realized this and has a casual mode with every map available, so I hope Riot does.
amazing
Because rather than the noob who couldn't one tap you, Valorant is designed to punish you who made a mistake to put yourself in a position that'd get you shot at
Its likely a phantom, but i would honestly hope for a different gun, operator and sheriff seem like decent options, but lets be honest, it will be phantom. For melee, i think a dual hand one would be neat, maybe something like the SOL 2.0 one? Katana i think cool be cool as well
Sleeper pick:

Cypher.

Something about trying to push into a Cypher site makes me want to claw my eyes out. Especially buff Cypher now!
How does that work? Like Xbox Gamepass or is there another idk about?
I remember once playing Compi in Pearl. I (Raze) said we can go through door, I boom it here, nade there. KJ said, I will turret and check X. Brim said I'll smoke Y. Each individual knew his role, and voluntarily said what they would do to make the plan work. Bestest game ever.

It was mid Plat elo.
Some fallen id card in fracture valo video
Reyna is unfortunately currently bugged and has 175 HP when inside Iso ult if her overhead is active (all players are *supposed* to be set to 150 in the ult, but she’s bugged). There are many posts about it on the sub and on feedback threads. So only dealing 150 here is not enough to kill.
Make fun all you want, I'm sure there will be some irons out there reading through this and try these tips out. Of course you need to learn your basics in iron, but sometimes it's difficult to even identify what the basics are. A lot of people in iron just blame their teammates and never improve.
monitor of course, 60hz to 144hz is huge diff
No.  The point of the game is to win and more players dying than necessary to secure another player an ace is damaging to the team's economy.

Aces tend to be flukes and most of them happen on anti-eco.
Yup. Brazil eSports fans are not fans of eSports, but rather of Brazil.
Bro why didn’t you kill the judge when he was reloading it costed 3 of your teammates because of that
im surprised that you didnt start a villain ark to kill everyone who doesnt like controller players
Because plats do more logical things compared to silvers

In silver you can try to do mind games but nobody even understands why did you throw that util and just plays randomly (in general ofc)

But in plat since everybody has some knowledge their behaviours are more logical (compared to silvers)

But that doesnt mean that plat is easier than silver, you need better aim/movement/positioning/game knowledge than silvers, it just seems more easier cuz you start to understand base mechanics of the game
don’t worry it’ll be fixed in the stable release game’s still in alpha stage /s
> Madelyn ‘Malibu’ Campos (‘Madelyn’) breached the VCT Game Changers Ruleset and the Riot Games Terms of Services for providing false information, playing with another player’s account and circumventing a hardware ban imposed on her by the Riot Games Anti-Cheat team. Consequently, Madelyn is permanently banned from any association or affiliation with a team in any Riot-sanctioned competition, as of the day of publication of this ruling.

> James ‘Summertime’ Edwards (‘Summer’) breached Art. 17.6 of the VCT Game Changers Ruleset for providing the Tournament Operator with a false picture of Madelyn, and attempting to assist her in providing false information during the AnyKey verification process. Consequently, Summer is banned from any association or affiliation with a team in a Riot-sanctioned competition for one (1) year, as of the day of publication of this ruling.

Madelyn was banned for cheating. James was suspended for helping her cheat. Nothing to do with his gender.
The cute anime girl is based off me.. I was walking down the road in front of riot headquarters the other day and i guess a skin designer saw me. The similarity is insane and I am surprised how much they were able to capture from just glance.. although I am 6ft5 and black. I don’t know about bubbles (my friends do call me bubble butt so maybe from there ?) but I do excel at pop quizzes so that’s where the name came from I suppose.
you already showed "diamond" gameplay of ur region why do i need to play?
What if I kill someone, do I get another ult orb?
Now I want muffins.  The Costco ones.
Then make her able to pick up bomb mid-slide.
Cypher 💀
Crazy
Man really chose that as the background to record his knife skills
Nice trigger bot
I mean you can still see yoru particle when he is close but yeah
Headshots? I don't get headshots.
I always knew that Jett was in creative. That's why she's flying everywhere
Now that I think about it, are there agents outside of duelists that are radiant? (apart from skye, this is the only one I can think of)
It’s not just spike deaths and it’s not just pistol rounds. You get more money for dying than surviving. Like, a lot more. This is to prevent snowballing. So unless you already have a good rifle it’s often better to die.

Dying to the spike is ideal because it denies your enemies the bonus money for killing you, but even then it’s usually better to die to the enemy than it is to stay alive with no gun.
ahh same thing happened to me just now and came here to see if anyone was encountering the same bug :/
Because there's more than ten players playing 
Damn, imagine the ADS from R6. You put it up like a Deadlock trap and it shoots literally any utility in its line of sight, including smokes and stuff like that. That'd be OP as shit.
Homie is in the top 3 percent of Valorant. His friends just jealous honestly.
Thanks for reporting this - I sent it to the team to check.
Yeah bro was cooking with that first line “I wonder if there’s a future for my channel” because the answer is no. Leave please
100% it’s full of absolute weirdos
In the beginning i thought i did it for attention (team mates doing the same as reply) but i later realised that is not the case. Its kinda like fidgeting, like how people jump or strike with knife for no reason.
On some skins the aimbot effect goes away as soon as you buy the skin.
Wasn’t chamber also in fade’s cinematic?
Welcome to America, land of the troll. The said truth is 99% of those people would never treat you that way in person however online video games brings the worst out in people (especially in competitive settings) Sadly there is no getting away from this. I am American and I still get into arguments with people where awful words are exchanged for no apparent reason. 

Go try out Counter-Strike Global Offense 2 for an even more toxic community!!!!
Hit the aimlabs and try and find your right sensitivity it looks like youre sensitivity isn't instinctive enough I can see you hesitate abit before you shoot trying to confirm your shots but if youre sensitivity was more natural you could get your crosshair in target more often and more subconsciously more of a instinctual raw reaction instead of a delayed informed response
I'm an idiot lol, that was this issue. Thanks!
aim inner : .04
aim outer : .89
base aim curve : standard
focus aim curve : light
ads : light
sniper : light
I would uninstall there I’m not even gonna lie, that would get me infuriated
> better and cheaper skins 

you can sell cs2 skins so I think that makes their skins a bit more appealing. If you buy $100 bundle you're stuck with it in valorant even if you don't ever use it again. 

> 1m between rounds

It's 15 seconds actually. And I've never been bothered by it since it's more than just buying guns. I have to coordinate with team to understand what util I need to buy and what strategy we need to use. I'm maps like bind or lotus it takes the whole 15 minutes just to get to the site I want on defence. If you're playing cypher for example that's barely enough time to do all your setups

Having different agents with different abilities is a pro imo. You dont need to learn every agent, you just need to understand what their abilities do. I've only played harbor once but I know what his util does and it's enough.
If your native language isn't English. Hysterical can mean really funny
Do VODs.


Ask for someone to watch them. 
that's why i still play smokes even if theres a clove
Kills don’t always mean your doing the best
Gekko is seeing quite a bit of professional play actually
Because I'm bad.
And here was have the wild low-elo player asking the void why they always gets one-tapped. This is a rite of passage for the fawn, and we mustn't disturb their journey of self-discovery. The answer of course, is movement diff. We shan't divulge that information however, as that's a conclusion the growing creature must reach on their own. Take your pictures and we'll continue with the safari.
This happened to me too even without the Cypher ult, check out this clip
https://outplayed.tv/media/EZYMGQ
Mechanics. I have decent game sense right now, but my aiming is so dogshit. I have a really good ability to guess where people are gonna be, but I can't kill anyone for the life of me
Wrong, they become visible when in line of sight.

It’s like the Yoru ultimate, it’s usually known as giving the effects when they’re close by, but it’s when the Yoru can see you.
let's not dsicriminate against disabled people like enemy omen who are both deaf and blind LOL (lots of love ❤️)
Since OP hasn't/likely won't answer themselves, I found their tracker and [they are indeed bronze](https://tracker.gg/valorant/match/a9227ee2-7514-4db8-8f9a-efcbb9e809fe)
aim at them before you shoot.
I used to pnly play Viper (hell, I still play her like 90% of the time), but I play her for many reasons.

1) she's hot
2) I like her utils, I find it not as confusing as other agents
3) I love lurking
4) almost no one mains a controller, so no one will ever autolock her 😂
Phantom has lower recoil, in low elo no one is able to consistently hit headshots, having a more forgiving spray when you don't know any spray pattern or haven't yet ingrained to mechanics to spray correct is going to provide better value for you.
Valorant player mindset
Gawkgawkgawkgawkgawk
For me the issue playing duelist at low elo/with bad team is that they expect me to solo site every round? Like yeah, I can spearhead the charge, but we HAVE to enter together using util together. Me running in alone will do absolutely NOTHING. Nine times out of ten, I run in and literally nobody follows me in they just watch me. 

That’s why I fully switched to playing controller and am much happier now :)
Yoru. The timers on his TPs shouldn’t go down before the round even starts and it takes forever to come out of his ult. He just doesn’t feel like a duelist at all, more of an initiator maybe.
That was dope as shit
Bro its tdm xd, tf u care about if teammates dont get kills. For me personally tdm is more fun when all my teammates are bad and I get to have as many duels as possible.
reyna wants to be the one taking duels, not waiting for someone to die to take their gun, getting your overheal is basically your teams win con in pistol rounds as reyna most of the time
That's 100% the imperium judge SFX, probably a slip-up
Because it's not supposed to be a fun game but an addictive game, like lol, they are not fun, they just release dopamine.
Ive never understood why people want to play this game casually. The mechanics themselves are really unforgiving and there are a lot super fun casual games out there.
You look amazing!! 💙
As a low elo player I can't stand to watch all those streamers and youtubers monetising out of smurf content while just managing to giving players a bad experience and raking in a few views and subs
Chamber has to be like "I HIT THAT FUCKER TWO TIMES WITH THE OP"
rude
I recorded a game with some of the most racist people in a three stack of my life.  I reported every single time in game that they opened their racist troll mouths.  I even opened a ticket and tried to include the link to the YouTube video but the ticket said this has already been reported and wouldn't let me submit.  I don't know if that means they were banned or just a temp suspension but those guys should never be allowed to play online in any riot game ever again.  And to top it off one of them (the worst offender) has a riot gun buddy.
I miss playing beta Jett when everyone thought she was weak, but was actually probably the most OP agent because they didn’t know how to play her. 21 seconds of smoke uptime, two updrafts, insta dash, stupid strong ult, all for super cheap.
Just found out that a medium penetration weapon works fine
Well, I think my sage deserves a little buff and maybe brimstone as well.

The speed of the regen and maybe the amount of self healing.

For brimstone I think rechargeable smokes after 60 seconds could bring him back from the limbo.
I dunno, sounds like the randomizer is just doing its job of being...random. Maybe try not having a favorite and see what kind of skins you end up with? Keeps things interesting, eh?
DAS WAT IM SAYIN! I want a gun that feels like a gun, not an oversaturated elderflame. Gimme something like a full unupgraded neo frontier bundle with animations and my money's yours, Riot.
People saying it’s no different than the old system seem to forget you’d get a title/banner/spray as well from the first five levels, not just the agent
if i did this the bullet would have hit the roof
Mr Lowlander is super wholesome def recommend
Good idea. Why isn‘t there a possibility to have training bots on every map with a toggle to set them shooting back or not.
I mean personally the most fun thing for me is to win the game and play it how its meant to be played rather than just dming.
Since OP doesn’t feel like sharing and literally said no, this has been used in an older [patch](https://youtu.be/INU1y9M0LGU) and I’m not sure if it still works.
Basically a very potent real life example of the placebo effect. They will feel insanely overpowered and make you feel like a god when you pick one up, until you actually buy it, and suddenly after a week or two that effect goes away and you're back to being dogshit (speaking from experience here).
Actually fax, last time a squeaker carried me lil bro dropped a 30. Wasn't annoying either, super respectful and commed too.
There could be a spectator recording who has their HUD off
The reason for kayo not being played is because he requires a lot of lineups and knowledge on the way his flashes move in order for them to be any good for the team. Most people just dont take the time to learn that sort of stuff, which is Why you also see some sova mains be absolutely disgusting with their lineups and set strats and stuff. Because of practice
Match made in heaven.
Great aim with a reyna can go far, great game sense with no aim will judt get you muted for backseating most of the times because you cant win a gunfight. Also people usually dont listen to a random botfrag with good gamesense telling them what to do.
Nice job despite the backseat driving.
If we were in the right generation he'd be dying overseas in battle instead of just pretending in a game
im an omen main and i have a 78% win rate on icebox because omen+verticality is an unmatched combo. Tube, generator, yellow, kitchen, top of b main, insane teleport potential if you can catch the enemy off guard.
Hear me out unlimited trip range on his single trip or give him two with limited range
Yeah but yoru’s 100 cred clone negates iso’s 8 point ult. It’s not really meant to be symmetric.
It was a sage XD
Peeking with an Odin sucks. Also the reload takes 2 business days. These are things you need to exploit really. Dont go into an angle you know that's being spammed already. So rotate away if possible. Other than that there's not much except insta-hedshotting.
Current employee. There was 3 of them
If you have bad K/D and ACS, then practice your aim. 🗿
This is a year and a half old and simply lip service.
I have woken up the morning after spending over $100 at a bar or club. 

I’ll have you know, it would feel much better to have spent spend that money on computer pixels rather than the morning headache lol. It’s all relative
1) double sentinel is just not a great team comp

2) there’s nothing you can do with her that you wouldn’t be better off playing with KJ or Cypher
Dudes only content is shitting on other creators. He went from a Val content creator to a shitty content creator
Complete luck, which made an awesome clip. You’ll probably experience something to like this one day.
I still don’t know why kingdom credit is capped at 10000, why.
It’s not seen on any other skin lists bc the effect isn’t even there all the time
This is absolutely a mistake and is being fixed.
ISO never had a job
just pick raze and use the nade
... i dont believe you
She's constantly nerfed because as a line smoker, she can do lots of things that other controllers can't and has the highest pickrate and is overall the meta queen in spite of the nerfs that Rito heaps upon her.

The one time Rito tried to reduce her dominance without pummeling her with the nerfbat was when Harbor was released. But instead of splitting Viper's pickrate he had the exact opposite effect and acted as an Agent-sized buff to Viper.

In short, her niche is so strong that Rito struggles to balance her. Hence her constant nerfing that nevertheless doesn't end up actually weakening her that much.
This needs more attention. I'm getting tired of having to choose between not upgrading my weapons or upgrading them into something I'm not crazy about just so I can get the full value of what I paid for.  


The Black Market bundle was barely excusable because it was just the one upgrade, but the fact that you're paying so much for the items in this bundle, at least gives me the option to turn off certain upgrades. I think THAT is the least Riot could do.
One of the most annoying things as a cypher main is when people notice the traps and just start breaking them every single round. I think the reason why unbreakable trips are still in the game is simply because without them, cypher would be much more dull.
I just need delhi servers so the toxicity can be split evenly and i can get below 40 ping from kashmir
My son and I have Viper Molly + Sova shock dart lineups. We have a ridiculous one on Ascent from outside B main to market. Doesn’t get many kills but it’s hilarious when it does.
Why do certain abilities also not work on the bots, for example, the training bots don't spawn soul orbs, but do spawn double taps. And they don't count towards clovers abilities, but can get scanned by initiators. Please just let me try all abilities on the practice range bots.
Nah, she specifically has beef with Project Landfall creatures, at most it extends to just gekko and at least his buddies only.
chaos indeed lol
I respect this. And although no struggles myself I got fortnite accessibility yt search going just to know.
I can get behind some of that, but waiting for $5500 before light shields is definitely too far
Personally I will always buy for the teammate, always remember the more rifles you have the higher your chances of winning the round. Unless of course the player is mentally challenged and is just throwing games and guns on purpose
fr she’s prime jett on roids lol rn and ppl think that’s balanced
Aw, I think Sova is such a cinnamon roll. "I love you all!"
Jett smoke doesn’t make a sound either
Nah, I heard neon is not optimized on console. This should not be happening lmao
>Other characters do that.

Most characters don't. A select few info initiators do, such as KAY/O who relays his suppression, Gekko who calls out that Dizzy spotted enemies, and Sova/Fade who obviously state when someone is revealed. These voicelines help inform people who are on the other side of the map without the need for voice comms. Trap sentinels also relay when their utility is going off, for the same reason. Astra operates much like Breach and Viper in the sense that her utility doesn't gather information. She has to either know or predict where people will be before using stun/suck, much like any other stun or vulnerable in the game. Imagine if every flashing agent had voicelines about how many people had been flashed—it would be kind of ridiculous.
Checks out, got the good aim but washed game sense
Maybe you can, but I can barely make the jumps on Icebox after two years in this game
Devs listened, buffed viper. LOL
Immortal 1 and 2 are still a shitshow, but there are good players trying to climb.  Make calls if you can, adapt to how your team is playing and how the enemy is playing and you’ll climb. 
I bet 10 buck that the first horny comment will be made before 1 hour after my comment
Orb on spikes helps post plant a LOT especially with your mollies, or even just spamming the spike to prevent defuse
Just curious, I assume that there is some integration that lets you gather game data, but is it:

1. Vanguard-safe, does it do anything that interferes with the game that might trigger anti-cheat
2. Does it give additional information that you may not otherwise have known, for example how long until the spike explodes when you're out of audible range of it
cypher and kj probably boutta get nerfed lol, where the deadlock buff at
SubmissiveEBoyGhost420
Personally cypher. Ive only been playing for a month but I watched hella guides and I'm trying to get to diamond. However, I still don't know what to do against good cypher setups. Especially the undestructible cables, it just feels wrong. Yes, skill issue but its my biggest struggle still.
I regret buying the res phantom so damn much. Effects are aight but things so ugly
So you telling me that you don’t like having breeze 50% of your games?
Fucking bandicam😭
thank you. i was discussing this with my friends. in one of our placements that we 5 stacked, i killed 5 but since sage ressed someone i already killed and the person i didnt kill already died in another part of the map, it showed up with ‘won’ not ‘ace’.

my friends were saying “it’s an ace just take it.” and i was like “no, because sage ressed someone i already killed”
I swear I keep getting multiple green arrows but my rank stays the same!
Haven has been out of the rotation already for too long
While PRX made alot of mistakes, major props to SEN johnqt, guy read the whole team at the palm of his hands. His cypher site-lock down is such a major threat.
Its a good thing she can't heal herself or she'd be way OP
I know that neopronouns are a thing, but as a native speaker, these just seem wrong. I have trouble even reading this correctly. I wish they stuck to plural form instead, like English language does.
🤓🤓 “just adapt”
I can imagine these possibilities:

1. You misremember what you read.
2. You forgot playing some games.
3. You queue dodged a few times and lost rank that way.
4. Someone else logged on to your account and played/dodged some games
5. Riot had a bug or accidental error.
6. Riot is manually editting your rank to mess with you.

Individually, each possibility is unlikely. But I think one of these has to be true, and #~~5~~ 6 seems like the *least* likely one to me. \[EDIT: typo, I meant #6\]
Most of pro players (GC) are around low to mid immortal (10-400rr) so yeah technically you can become "pro" if you find team and you guys practice enough to win gc qualifiers etc. Whoever said you need to be Radiant, that's not true since 80% of "pro" players in GC such as g2 mimi/glance etc never got to Radiant and they play in GC scene and even won back to back twice GC.
I don't get this massive Viper nerf. This makes her viability as a solo smoker even in her best maps way less.
Professional rank booster. The intense amount of games played in a very short duration could be a sign they're a radiant paid to boost the rank of someone account and is on a deadline
the devs should hurry up and press the fix everything button already
If it's past midnight and my duos need to get into the bed for work in the morning
Chad Breach, levels the playing field by concussing all 10 players.
People with シ
My friend tried to save an op after a clutch but when he went back it was evident there was no time.to defuse, so he tried to at least save the op but died to spike lol.
Still f2p somehow lol
You should have seen the outrage when Bethesda charged $2 for a horse skin back in the day for Oblivion

Also; im sick and tired of people stating skins are overpriced. Of course they are!!

Do yall not remember the days when COD black ops had camo skins that actually applied to every single gun in the game?????? And it was only $5???? 

Now people spend over 80+ dollars and they only get 4/5 guns from valo and will have to spend another $80+ dollars to complete the set if they come out with a part 2 of the pack.

Skins/cosmetics are overpriced on all games and people will always buy it. Saying they are overpriced is not going to change anything.

Hell; even Mortal Kombat is now charging $10 for a god damn fatality.

Gamers are getting taken Advantage of and we let it happen.
To all raze mains please practice this properly and especially do not risk it on your 10hp teammate


- Sincerely, player who don't have guns because of this happening several times
Gekko ult is 7 but you can use it, pick it up and use it again and it'll count as 2 ults used.
As someone who’s been playing Iso non-stop since his release this has honestly been the tactic that’s fucked me up the most. I’ve had people not even wait and go right down the middle before I’ve even thought about which direction to go and they instagibbed me. It’s that surprise factor that will honestly win you the duel more than you think.
Pretty much the gist of it. You just gotta play for the love of the game, because at the end of the day that’s the only thing that really matters. Rank is temporary but doing something your soul enjoys doing is timeless.
People spell peek as peak so often that it tripped me up when you spelled it correctly.

Also, the Jett dying because she tried to grab the op. Lol
Bro I’m 27 playing this game. The game is fun so fuggit
Don't grab the clone.  Thats not the ults fault
1261 VP for oni phantom is a win win situation bro 🥹
they will give you 0VP. this game is very stingy with giving you anything.

i know 10 bucks every 2 months isnt a lot, but its pretty scummy in principle considering the skin prices and radianite system.
if their iron isn’t a smurf and 3 of you are dragging below them, you probably deserved to lose that one
Another reason to nerf chamber
All the idiot Smurf defenders are hilarious. When they happen more often than not than that is a massive problem 

Riot doesn’t care enough to fix it. More “new users” equates to more data and more investment money
No way it says that 😭
THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I'VE BEEN TRYING TO CONVEY TO EVERYONE!!!  


YOU GET IT!
Truly one of the valorant posts of all time, rito should immediately take action
I will PayPal you $100 if you drop the tracker and prove you hit radiant using sherif for even 60% of your kills. I’m not kidding because that would be seriously impressive.
You lose in champ select if you can't deal with the unbreakable trip on A
If you couldn't make it to the NBA me boosting you there isn't going to make u not be shit in the NBA
Not anymore. It was never confirmed by Riot, it was made up by a Youtuber based on her agent number. Neon was never canonically 19 and it was removed from the wiki.
play swiftplay and have fun talking with people. when im on a comp grind i wont get friend requests for weeks unless i have some insane match mvp games or if its a vibey match where no one is too serious. in swiftplay i can get several new friends a day because its just not as serious as comp.
Every online game has cheaters
Its literally all in your head. Just dont have a shit mental about skins and your aim wont be impacted by whether you have one or not..
I think the main difference is if they buy light then you almost guaranteed a kill. 

Marshal is still going to be better though on round 2 and probably ecos

 atheist hate this one trick
idk maybe I‘m wrong but like, every 3rd player looks to be a whale. a lot of my friends got the whole skin pack for 100€ and it‘s not the first one they bought. me included. and you see the new skin in every lobby in 4 different variatons lol

everyone is paying it seems like.
I think ult's that can do multikills don't usualy since that could snowball very fast. Like get 3-4k on 1 ult and having ult 1 round later. 

Not sure but does Brim, Chamber and Sova get ult points?
as a woman i feel much much more comfortable comming in val than literally any other game ever
>I can't imagine this took more then couple of hours to reskin

lol

Also the teams themselves designed the reskins.
As someone who plays Gekko as my main initiator, I get a fiendish smile on my face whenever I see the enemy pick him because I KNOW they’re gonna send wingman on suicide missions and get the spike dropped in the middle of site at least a few times that game.
Did Kayo ult in that round ? Likely what happened is that iso knocked Kayo before ulting and the Kayo died while Iso was in ult and the ult technically puts your under the map I believe so he was probably under the map like 500m away when the Kayo finally died
**I know exactly where you are**
I mean, usually when you buy a sherrif you're facing down superior weapons, so it's not really a shock that you'd lose your first encounter more often than not.
My point is no one is forcing you to do anything outside yourself. You scared of having another controller on your team?
Smartest Reyna in valorant
"Challenge completed: Return to sender"*
wait till you play CS2 and find out you can sell your skins back when your done.
You can use any agent and get out of bronze. No one is using their util correctly in those ranks so it doesn't even matter. Just have a basic understanding of any agent you want to use and stick to it.
If its unrated its nothing new. Ppl dont have anything to loose by surrendering so theyll ff immediately when they have a few bad rounds. in comp its a bit more rare cause they care abt elo
hi I'm from the year 2024, would you like to know anything?
except the fuckers steal your flowers and berries without asking.
/all nice. reported.
Her slide is slower than jett dash and raze's satchel jumps and doesn't go as far as either so I think a buff to it could help her with entries. 

It could be fun to let you hold down the slide button to keep your slide going. That may help her get further into site during entries or just slide all the way through spawn for giga fast rotates.
Nope, time to get a PC!
Expect to see a lot of odins and ares.
how much to just upgrade the skins and not buy any variants? I never unlock all the variants on skins cuz it just doesn't make sense to unless you're gonna use it
20 FPS is literally unplayable.
Ok everyone here is being incredibly unhelpful, so I'll give my two cents

Valorant as a game can be pretty rough starting out. I started playing the game back in E4A2, just before Fade was released, and even back then it was confusing to get a grasp of. I had the luxury of coming from Overwatch, which let me be at least semi-used to the chaos, but if you're coming into this as the first multiplayer fps title you've played, this would definitely be a headache. 

The best piece of advice I can give you would be to just try things. You don't yet have a grasp of what is good or bad, so try doing things you wouldn't immediately think of. Do something you *actively think* is stupid, and see if it works. Try new agents, play dumb rat angles, buy the ares or judge 16 rounds in a row, just try stuff out. Eventually, after enough trying, you'll find what works for you, and how best to specialize.

Try not to over-complicate things yet, don't worry about mastering lineups or learning setups or anything like that, just play the game naturally until you find your calling.

Hope this helps :\]
The rumors of old men's reflex's demises have been greatly exaggerated...s...
Ah yes my favourite 3 site map, Breeze
>I’m not actually that bad

You are lol. That's it. Drop a vod and anyone would be able to find countless very bronze mistakes in your plays.
They could try making Harbor viable. That’s her only real competition for line smokes. Him and Astra are both due for some love, imo.
Vanguard should be fine with this, I explain this on the GitHub. But I also asked Riot's staff about this, I'm waiting for a response.
Peak Immortal 2 player here.

Ignore the other comments telling you not to move, I think it's good to practice movement in combination with your aim. Good players can both use the mouse and keyboard at the same time to line up shots. Just watching VCT you see many pros flick and move to micro adjust.

I noticed though it seems you need to practice using movement and aim together. You seem to only flick when you aren't strafing. It would be helpful to practice flicking and using strafing to adjust simultaneously.
plus on games like Valorant with Vanguard it tracks your computer all the time anyway so its gonna know eventually just looking at the database. cheating is such a hussle today idk why people even do it even on F2P games. 

you risk getting your PC bricked or infected with ransomware for a few weeks of "winning" in a videogame for it  to get deleted anyway.. compare that to 15 years ago when you had player-hosted servers on MW2 and you could just download wallhack and aimbot from any website and the worst that would happen you get kicked from the server
Yep, that explains it all. Well done
1. Raze
2. Second duelist
3. Split
4. 80%+
Nothing Riot can do about that unless you wanna play from inside the server. There will always be tiny desync between your client and the server, your client just thought you're a few miliseconds further than you actually were.
"Howdy, y’all. Jo-Ellen here with Patch Notes 8.09.

It’s a short one this week as we prepare for bigger things in the near future.

As Brimstone likes to say: "I can't close the settings menu on my bracer. How do I—oh, got it."

# AGENT UPDATES



**Brimstone**

* We’ve done some small updates to Brimstone’s Sky Smoke (E) to ensure that it fully covers the area indicated by the UI when you are placing it. This should ensure that when the outer edge of the targeting UI covers a choke point that the spawned smoke will fully cover that area as well. This change includes a slight increase to the radius of Brimstone’s smoke that should make it match the smoke size of his peers like Omen.
   * Sky Smoke (E)
      * Radius increased 410 >>> 415
      * UI targeting size updated so that outer edge properly reflects the size of the smoke

# BUG FIXES

**Gameplay Systems**

* Fixed an issue that resulted in you losing your crosshair profiles.
   * While we can not recover lost crosshair profile settings, we are sincerely grateful for all the information you have provided to help us reach a swift resolution and will continue to monitor closely.
   * If your newly created crosshair profiles still keep disappearing, please let [Player Support](https://support-valorant.riotgames.com/hc/en-us/requests/new) know.
* Fixed an issue regarding Killed By feed on Combat Reports being incorrect.
* Fixed bullet tracers still being visible after being turned off in Settings if the player fires away from the map.
* Fixed an issue where the client would freeze after a game ends and would require a client restart to continue.Howdy, y’all. Jo-Ellen here with Patch Notes 8.09.  It’s a short one this week as we prepare for bigger things in the near future.  As Brimstone likes to say: "I can't close the settings menu on my bracer. How do I—oh, got it."  AGENT UPDATES  Brimstone  We’ve  done some small updates to Brimstone’s Sky Smoke (E) to ensure that it  fully covers the area indicated by the UI when you are placing it. This  should ensure that when the outer edge of the targeting UI covers a  choke point that the spawned smoke will fully cover that area as well.  This change includes a slight increase to the radius of Brimstone’s  smoke that should make it match the smoke size of his peers like Omen. Sky Smoke (E) Radius increased 410 >>> 415 UI targeting size updated so that outer edge properly reflects the size of the smoke BUG FIXES  Gameplay Systems  Fixed an issue that resulted in you losing your crosshair profiles. While  we can not recover lost crosshair profile settings, we are sincerely  grateful for all the information you have provided to help us reach a  swift resolution and will continue to monitor closely. If your newly created crosshair profiles still keep disappearing, please let Player Support know. Fixed an issue regarding Killed By feed on Combat Reports being incorrect. Fixed bullet tracers still being visible after being turned off in Settings if the player fires away from the map. Fixed an issue where the client would freeze after a game ends and would require a client restart to continue."
this is so funny but relatable
Pearl for the last picture
It says on the website that console players are only matched together. 

Separate.
That 3 second invisibility plus auto heal is hilarious. Such a stupid agent design. Riot said here you go smurfs happy stomping low elo and ego duelers.
i mean.. i had 9k. we all did.
Damn brave first kill. Sick aim.
Nah, I'd win
Holy shit, that’s awesome!!!!
Wall hacks are rampant in this game. Hardest evidence; HEARING them full running not clearing angles until they come close to YOUR off angle, cut noise, then they clear it perfectly.
I think the best way to buff him while not reworking him would be to actually THICKEN his wall up. To where he can easily walk through it vertically as cover. Because a duelist’s job is to entry or dive, and that’s where he lacks abilities.

But a wall thick enough to walk through would allow him to dive and pop out with a flash. And also helps isolate encounters
Gl to him. Helped me to get from gold to diamond. Thx
i see so many immo asc bucky only players (ramplays) i think is a popular one, its defo viable if u know what ur doing and picking the right fights, helps alot w eco asw bc u can drop ur team more guns
Well Bill Belichick never said that he was a HOF quarterback which is the reason he should be coaching in the NFL.
r8: am I a joke to you?
And they had losing chances, in an alternative timeline the title is "Aspas breaks kill record for a losing map"
You don't get a lot of autonomy as a solo controller player. You kind of have to use utility wherever your team goes.

Or you have to be the one leading your team to play around your area/info denial. But that takes a lot of communication and not everyone wants that responsibility. 

I think having two controllers on your team automatically makes controller more fun because you have more freedom. You can use your utility a bit more selfishly in the mid round without handicapping your team.
Just tested that. No, it doesn't impact, there's only lowered sens when the crosshair is directly on an enemy.
I am not even sure that is possible to add that.

Well maybe, but it would take a super genius developer to implement it.  Would probably take years and years worth of coding. 

Does Riot even have the budget or resources for a change so massive?  

Whats your next question?  Why isn't there a replay system?  This is the year 2023, not 50090
Not KJ! He has them in the trailer already. I can imagine they either play music, stabilise his abilities or both. Hearing impaired... eh. Doubt.
Report them with team sabotage - and mention the round in which they were AFK and acting like idiots  in given space under the report panal
I don't agree cuz the map going dark and the sound cue already give it away
Why is it that everyone loves the HyperX Cloud II so much? I own a pair and could never really hear any meaningful difference with another pair from the same price range, and man the microphone sucks ass.
Dude wtf is this lmao

This really adds a lot of fun to the game i bet, seeing others reactions.
I'm guessing Blur Studios is too expensive or they're the studio that fumbled the 2023 league of legends cinematic and Riot cut ties with them afterwards
Like an MMO burst window lol
It’s high noon
I’m sorry dude, but there is no way in hell you’re playing in a Diamond/Ascendant ranked game with that kind of mechanic… and the fact that you were this hyped for a mediocre ace tells me you’re not familiar with clutching a round. I’m not trying to be rude, I’m just very skeptical that you’re telling the truth.

Oh and that wasn’t a flick by the way…
Lifeweaver??
Not having smooth clipping seems like a huge mistake for any serious competitive game
To add, I started in low bronze, I found it really helped to understand what each agent does to better play against them. It can be a bit overwhelming at first but it gets easier the more you practice.
It does, it should have a gamepass boost thing that shows up when you try to look at XP. It should show up for other things too.
I snipe with stingers
Hes watching flank
every sova main’s wet dream.
ZEY ARE SO DED
Valorant really fighting to get that League of Legends reputation isn’t it
If I can, I’ll do it (as a kj main) but the picking up sound and the position is risky if your team doesn’t cover you. You can get a easy kill if someone tries to pick up the orb, that is why it is not my highest priority if no one covers me or if I don’t have the time. Especially the time is a thing. If a full team rushes A in lotus but I am on C than I won’t pick it up unless i go through T spawn or If I need 1-2 orbs for my ultimate. Bcs that few seconds decide if I have to play with 2-3 mates or if I have to clutch the round without any utils.
The reason OP's fix looks off is because it's not matching the angle of the head (not the roundness but the angle). OP is right that the eye isn't in the right spot but made a mistake in moving it forward and down instead of forward and up. Cloves head is tilted forward and away from the camera (you can see under the chin) meaning that the eye closest to us is going to be more forward and higher than the eye furthest from us same with the eyebrow. The face is also at a weird angle because the bridge of the nose, nose, and mouth are all at varying degrees of a 3/4 angle and now that I've looked at it longer it's fucking me up.
Yea, I like spicy art but it’s distracting when the character silhouette is completely changed.
I’d be fine with them flashing me in animation anytime.
Doesn't really change THAT much, but still draws a line between the ultimate that are less impactful on a round but can be used multiple times a half, and the one that have huge value and so shouldn't be something you can use more than twice a half.
I work with briefings. Your address or previous address can be found easily by combining two pieces of information.

If their username shows their Name and Email there’s a high chance their address can be found if they’re an adult.
His point is you can do bit of research instead of asking. We're in 2024 and all answers are on this thing called WORLD WIDE WEB.

By the time you get response you could have googled the answer!
When you play solo are you hyper focused on your gameplay, and when you're playing with your friend are you talking? My first guess is that you're distracted and not giving it your all
Nope it’s not possible. No one has ever gotten past Platinum.
The reason why replay system will be further delayed lol
Radianite piling up is the entire point. They want to incentivize these players to buy skins since they have so much of the currency that's used to upgrade them. Yea, there are some players that will never buy skins despite this, but clearly there is enough that do, therefore Riot doesn't need to change it.
What's your dpi and sens? it looks like you have your sens way too low causing you to aim purely with your arm. Ideally, you'd have a sensitivity that allows you to use your arm for large movements and your wrist for micro adjustments.

Right now, you're relying on your arm for both, which makes it slow, and feel uncomfortable/alien
Yes, Breeze is 100% a lost cause. That map is way too big to hold everything, half the agents aren't good on the map, there's always an OP you gotta watch out for, and the insanely long ranges fights are so dumb. The reason viper is the best on this map is because she makes it so you don't have to worry about half the site. Not to mention her retake wall is insanely good. The map was definitely at its best when it didn't exist.
It’s always easier to blame others than to reflect on yourself. Also, when the team started bullying the underperforming teammate, it’ll can distract the team from noticing the other one that’s also not playing well.
I gotcha bro, your Night Market had the following: Galleria Classic, Sakura Classic, Shimmer Judge, and Prism II Vandal. You’re gonna be much happier next week
Damm.. I keep forgetting Chamber is a sentinel...

He's seems to be in his own category like half duelist
Ah yes the ye old go plant the spike while I sit in saftey at the entrance without helping to clear site or provide cover
My bad just replaced 7 with Jett
Not gonna lie, anything below gold, the best way to rank up is to just improve your aim
she was right behind the pillar, got hit by your first wave of your ult, launched upwards but you couldn’t see because your minimap blocked her
Jesus fucking christ Haven has been out for like a month, fracture and pearl have been gone for ages
Haven by far. Been my favorite map since I started playing a few years ago. And as much as I always hated fracture, for some reason I’m looking back on it with rose tinted glasses so I’m fancying playing it again
Probably a form of balancing. It would be very op if she could check if someone is on spike without peeking.
Its simple. 


Riot would lose money if they did this
She already can't pick her wall up. Her fuel got destroyed. Snakebites got damage nerfs...What else do you want to do to her? Just want to rename her and rework her kit? 

Why does it always have to be "how do we nerf <agent> to make her pick rate come down"? Why can't it be "how do we make other agents a better pick over <agent>"?
Nah, you real for this one.
Darts just struggle to get as much info as fade, gekko or Kayo as each site is really hard to get a good dart for a lot of areas on the map with all the nooks and crannies eveywhere
“First of all Breeze is already an attack sided map”
yeah val has so many fucking throwers.. cs has very little to none.. in val tho you gotta be careful when you're talking to people because one wrong word and they throw
There's no real correlation but 20ish and Asc3
That really puts the L in Linux
> so many Sage ults I see the teammate just gets tapped as soon as they spawn.  
cause those sages are idiots bro you are not supposed to use it in an active fight
welp, congrats. It's the last few days of the act, people do a lot of things.   
To help with the mental, lower your expectations during these times and maybe try out some strats,agents,eco management, etc. in a "semi" serious environment to learn.   


Of course, if the team is taking things seriously, you should too but if not; it's normal :P
It’s hard to hear in videos. Let me know what you think when it’s in the game. The Vandal especially has a really nice demonic growl sound (not how how to describe it) on the firing sound.
That Omen must have been a reformed troll to know how to fight them like that.
I noticed this in tdm and I was confused, I agree this should be implemented
Next time dont bait your whole team lol, at least shoot reynas eye for team in youre not planning to shoot reyna
"Mf picked pacifist instead of duelist"
your profile has results from future acts?! 🤯
Yes sure. 

Deathmatch is not a self sufficient gamemode for improvement, it has many features ( some people call them flaws but that's another topic ) such as seeing the enemies on the map when you spawn, guns disparities, and the face that there's no mmr in Deathmatch. so winning a Deathmatch isn't an indicator of anything.

The correct way of playing Deathmatch is by identifying what you want to improve on and playing Deathmatch to improve it, so for example I personally struggle with crosshair placement so I play sheriff no sound and attempt clearing every angle possible. most of the times I'm getting 15-25 kills but I'm improving 2 folds in my ranked games.
we found him, the only ascendant player who knows how to get trades
Over relying on crouching is a bad habit of mine that I’ve been working on, but there are absolutely times for it. You trade the ability to move quickly for increased accuracy.
buddy the second equation isn’t even an an equation 💀
Yea i agree but though i still think you cannot really Play him like all other duels. What i mean is that you need to Play off team either go fight esrly on as the round starts or just go for an angle that's solo guarded. Shield is CRAZY and it feels underwhelming if u Play against or boosts Ur confidence up when u are ISO but you still need to find duels there isn't much he can do as entry can see some nerfs (perhaps durration time) but i think its still quiet fair despite all of that
That sensor is not a flank watcher. People walk while flanking by default, except when they're very far and have enough info.
I find that sensor is much better on aggressive angles where you typically take fights; they are forced to shoot back and that stuns them
Im also bronze just like you
The Brimmy in question:
I main Sage but the amount of times people demand me to res them in a situation where I need to basically give myself up is too high. That Ult is quite expensive and using it is very sensitive. Also, this need being said, not everyone is worth ressing just because I’m near their corpse.
Probably never going to happen, and for just this reason alone. When you have a skin you're basically a walking advertisement for Riot. Players seeing your skin or playing with it will incentivize them to buy skins of their own, meaning more money for Riot.
What rank are you? I see this a lot because I can't aim and I'm stuck iron/bronze. But I don't think that shit is very common in high rank. Obviously something is seriously wrong with the gameplay of someone stuck in low elo and for a lot of these kids it's just completely not understanding economy. When I said "let's buy" round one this one kid said no you always save round 1 and 2 to full buy round 3 and tried to tell me that's what all the pros do lol. And I'm like so wait what if you win the first round or lose it? You do the same thing no matter what? And he's like yah i have immortal friends that's what they all do. ya right smh
There are also soft counters: Yoru, Omen, Harbor, Reyna, Sage

People just tends to forget you can use utils for more than just their surface level intend
It's possible Cypher caged your trip and him and Reyna were both flanking idk, from the direction you fell in she was defo behind you, I don't think she was behind the boxes by the B door because your Reyna cleared it
Buff Sage and Deadlock
it makes me so irrationally angry
Say gex update. Meet me in Hookah
lol he literally lost like 5 games in a row a few days ago, dropped to ascendant then rage queued with the guy who boosted him to radiant in the first place.
How is this guy diamond, says that was a flick and farming Ls in comments 😭
According to my friend the enemy team had full buy. While his team were saving.
A Kiriko player has no right to call ANYTHING gay
No util used as a smoker is crazy but wp😭
It woulda been hilarious if he planted last second
jeez i’ve never seen the spike just get deleted like that
I guarantee you have done a grand total of zero research into the games matchmaking algorithm. Stop denying peoples experience just because you happen to have it better than a few unlucky folks.
Is this a joke? It's 100% just run and guns
silver is not the same as iron 1 0rr tho.
You’re rewarding four other players for harassing you, and your solution is to just mute them. If one player isn’t speaking then big whoop. Maybe stand up for your random so they don’t mute? Or do you expect them to just take the harassment and still comm for you?
Let’s go we take those. Reducing the size of his shield is nice
For me personally it’s the sheriff. The feeling when you just one tap someone with it is just way too satisfying
Riot won’t confirm ages they made the same mistake with league and had to go through the painful process of retconning almost every character
No map rotation? Are you kidding me?
Astra glitch lol
That's a pretty nice idea. It would change a lot how people see her wall
"Her bear"? Interesting.
ill never forgive riot for buffing ares then nerfing it to being worse than it was pre-buff
This might be a bad suggestion but I dont think it could hurt. Have you tried OW? I know they're pretty different games but there's a support character Moira that is used by a lot of people who have physical limitations. And some of her kit actually makes shakey aim MORE viable. There's also Mercy but she has a more passive play style.

If you haven't tried the game maybe give them a shot.

If you have tried the game and hate it, I'm sorry haha.
You're reminded me of my friend who only use chamber and the OP, he had the reaction and aim. Sure

But Everytime i hold an angle with him he moved back to cover on every contact without firing a single shot and ended up baiting the whole team

He had lots of kill at the end of the match, but that's because he always died last. Worse is he complained how he always the mvp but losing on his rank(silver).

So annoying, but ever since I've been coaching him and he seems to stopped doing that
Sage main here. I play her because I suck at the game. I enjoy the thrill of pewpew but it's undeniable that I'm terrible. That's why I don't play comp unless I'm with friends that don't berate me and back me up when I'm insulted lmao
Doesn't matter, consistently having vandal HS above 40% means you're mechanically stronger than the opposition.

19%HS just means you are evenly mechanically matched with your current opposition
I don’t get the point of these posts anymore. Why are we still stuck on this? It’s not like the guy is promoting himself on the sub. He blatantly lied to customers but coaches people to higher ranks regardless and has done good for the community. 

If you don’t like him move on and watch someone else. If you like him keep up with his content if you find it useful. It’s that simple.
Learn the ins-and-outs of a controller, I would recommend Brimstone for learning and then Omen once you're comfortable. Controllers can be played as a great support role.

As a new player, finding a good sensitivity is important. The average is 800 dpi and sens between 0.2 and 0.4.A common recomendation is to move your mouse the distance you feel should turn you 180° in game. Then adjust your sensitivity so it works like that. Use that as a base. And turn off mouse acceleration in your computer settings.

Other than that remember to have fun and keep a positive attitude. It's easy to get tilted in Valorant, but keeping a good mindset will always help.

Also, massive W of a partner.
Are we just going to ignore your 7.8 hours average per act on comp???
Everything good until ur clone melts mid meeting
I only use it in the buy phase, so I have a lot of time to line it up and I just have to confirm it. Of course when it disappears I use a normal smokes if I don't have time.

But is really simple to do, just aim under the arch and higher your crossair a bit.
These look incredible. I'm so down
>Remember that it is against our TOS to buy accounts 

Yay bought an account to do Iron to Radiant. Keeoh bought atleast 8 accounts to make a video. They did it in broad daylight, not in secret and there has been 0 action taken against them. That statement is a joke.
Yes, I also wonder what rank OP is. In my bronze games, no one usually says a word about reloading.
And just to get the whole picture clear in case op didn't realised, the tiny Reyna portrait by the side is an assist.

That Reyna made 50 ^((or 60? can't remember)) or more damage to Raze but didn't killed her.
Yeah not my leagues lmao.
If you submit a ticket the premades are probably gonna get ban aswell. Automated system can't really punish those.
feels like low diamond, maybe diamond 1? you have some fundamentals and decent enough movement. your crosshair is always towards the head rather than the chest and the peeking is sufficient
Reasoning is mostly that it’s the same number of vandal body shots to kill (4), same for vandal HS ofc, same for phantom at close range, the only scenarios where full shields are important over half shields are 1. phantom further than 15m, 2. wallbangs, 3. outlaw, each of which don’t happen too often. Plus it’s a lot better for your economy because it’s +600
KJ saying “Perfect Accuracy” upon getting a headshot, more specifically when you spray and whiff 15 shots only to hit the last one
I'm happy to get Haven back but losing Split for it feels bad.
Do I think you cannot reach it without talent? No, but you’re severely delusional if you don’t think everyone in the top 500 has latent talent for the game. Immortal anyone can get there, I am a firm believer in that. If you really want to dedicate yourself to the level you would need, do Konpeki’s course. It’s basically a college level class on valorant
Dude what the fuck, this is so insanely good. All of the concept art looks exactly like Valorant's style but better, and the abilities are well articulated and creative. I'm not joking you'd be an incredible creator for the Valorant agent team, this is genuinely incredible.
Every sentinel’s util gets revealed after death. Sentinels should be playing behind and outliving their util
shoot at enemies, if they all die(in game) , your team wins
Ascent is definitely THE fan favourite. Although... Has it ever been taken out of the comp map pool?
Care less
Probably more smth like “p2w police” but alright
I mean if someone swings you and you don't have time to ads, just spray and pray but you should always be adsed with the lmgs. Better accuracy, tighter spray.
this is one of the most cursed but wholesome at the same time clips i've ever seen
What rank is this in? I’m not hating on you, your team won the round. It’s just that this is probably lower elo because in higher elo, sage would have used a wall more effectively rather than just blocking off the bomb. Still pretty cool tho.
TLDR : Nothing, as always
I liked replication more
First paragraph had me think op has to be trolling
Bronze
Your friend is so stupid.

I, and I assume many others, can't comprehend the actions and intentions behind a willing sane individual purposely entering their information in a dodgy site, for it led to the quite obvious outcome of a lost account, and a depressing feeling.
You probably aren't peaking properly. That's the leading cause for low rank players seeming like aim demons. That and crouching into gunfights instead of strafing between Vandal taps or Phantom bursts.
Crosshair placement Deadzoning and patient shooting will carry you to ascendant no joke
I dont understand cypher one, so if he watches you through cam you hear something as a warning? Its pretty much overkill imo
Imagine being cringe enough to do this in a match
There's this chick I follow on Facebook. I accidentally started following her because she has the same name of this girl I met and thought I was sending a friend request to her. She was only 14 when I started following her. As soon as I realized she wasn't the person I was meaning to follow I went to unfollow her. But then I realized this 14 year old girl was hilariously stupid. She didn't know why America would send a separate team from Georgia to the Olympics, she couldn't figure out why elevators had buttons for the floor she was already on, and many other things I just saw and laughed. Anyway I never stopped following her because she was such a big source of my morning laughs.

She got pregnant at 15 because she thought you couldn't get pregnant on the first time. She was sure that the 15 year old boy that got her pregnant was going to be a great daddy. Well the kid is 1 now and she always complains about him never being around and how he would rather stay at home bored than see his son and all the other crap any of us could have warned her about when she was certain she was going to be the one teenage mom whose baby daddy would actually hang around.

Anyway the reason I bring all that up is that through these 2 years I've followed this complete moron she has never written "peak" when she meant "peek". So if this person can get it right, then everyone can.
It is funny for me it is cypher because no matter how we rotate and change tactics every round, I feel like I hit his site every round
“I’m from the US and speak only English and broken Vietnamese.”

you’re so real for this LMFAO trời ơi 😭
Two mfs instalock Reyna and Raze so I instalock Yoru for shits and giggles. The next person locks a Phoenix for shits and giggles.

Everyone convinces the last player to play duelist but he plays smokes. During round 1, I turned around and saw bro trapped between 3 people being burnt and naded alive.

We won that game
That's how I like to think that I play astra
Deadlock has just become OP
I have not labbed something in a minute, but in theory are you able to lock in sage, place yourself where testing flashes, respawn, revive the body’s on the spots you died at, switch team, practice flash?

You’ll have to switch to ghost mode rather rapidly, but I assume you are testing full blinds

not a perfect solution, finding someone in a coaching/learning discord is probably much more effective (especially since one player can do the sage strat and both can practice/observe)
I'm only referring to OT.
I really like Lotus. Icebox I agree, good riddance - could have got split and pearl back and taken out ascent instead
Was looking for this answer. Thanks for explaining
Give Sage passive self-healing.
Since OP acts shady and all mighty,this account was lowered on purpose to Iron1 by playing 5 stacks and ff'ing and then bought by OP.

Here is an example of a match on the account doing exactly that :

https://tracker.gg/valorant/match/faae104d-31ca-4ef9-9063-7307f7952795
Honestly, I hate when people tell the Sages to wall mid.
If I’m on the opposing team I make it a point to break the wall instantly. It’s such a 20IQ silver play to wall mid Split every round 

If it’s my team telling Sage how to play, I tell the Sage to play how they want. Most Sages end up trolls because people love to backseat their play and this game brings out everyone’s ego.
Why are the walls in this damn game so fucking thin wtf??? 

Maybe im just used to csgo but idk man some of the wallbangs in this game feel too far
Anything online will attract toxic people.
The viper bug is one of the worst I’ve seen
bro is a reload hound
Remember to add "reddit" to the end of your google search so you can find someone telling you to google it
EXACTLY AS A LOW ELO PLAYER IM FINISHED
+ if you’re in europe it’s just russians every single match, nobody speaks english. I have like 20 hours on cs and have met more toxic screaming russian children than my 360 hours on Valorant. 

I am half russian btw, not racist or something.
This is only true if you started the round with full shield.  If you bought light armor, you go into the ult with 125hp.  If you didn't buy shield, you go in with 100hp.
Ads makes your firerate and fov lower, maybe even walking speed
Current battle pass probably one of the best battle pass ever released for Valorant tbh. Most battle passes have been just ok to lackluster.
Hmm, okay, I'll try to communicate more that I expect them to enter with me
I have started to live with the fact that it won't hit every time.
"We" are nothing here compared to a handful of whales.


Buy skins you feel are worth your money. Don't buy skins you feel are overpriced. 


All you can do.
His ego has taken over so much. He even duoed with JeyG, the guy that boosted him to radiant the other day… he forgets that the coaching is what he is known and appreciated for. His viewership is currently getting lower and lower, and only the echo chamber viewers or haters are still around at the moment
The callout is not Haven, but Heaven. Haven is a map.
That is some magician’s trick right there
Conversely one of my worst feelings is winning a close game that I had to absolutely carry the living shit out of. I just want to know one time what it’s like to be the guy that had like 5 kills and not fragged the lobby but still won.
W woohoojin 

I’ll sub or something to give him some support.
Spectrum phantom is an option. It plays that sweet sweet music.
Combat report shows health healed from phoenix's abilities right?
I agree that the hardware disconnection is super suspicious... He either is super lucky and has hardware issues that disconnects his network cards randomly and it just matched the peeking, or he's deliberately doing that with a macro to disable/enable the network card in his computer...
Im low ranked and I’ve learned as long as your nice and comming people will follow and start coming as well
I sat diamond3 and hit ascend 1 all of last act, i will absolutely lose to some golds/plats. Lol
You love to see it
Well, main thing I want to point out while you are comparing the two is that they aren't all that comparable. Playstyle between the two is very different. Omen likes to be played as sort of an initiator so maybe he just doesn't match how you play. I suggest watching a couple coach vids/omen main streamers.
I have the protocol phantom and I really like it, If I had to get another I would probably go for recon or ruination.
it’s crazy how u use smokes and tps so well. You deserve the rank bro!
Bros classic indeed do “that”
the first miss was on him but the 2nd miss was a bug or some he should have been hit there
Ignite fan was my best purchase ever
I'm convinced the rgx Phantom is an expensive spectre
S: Deadlock
F: Everyone else
Always after they didnt buy when you one the first pistol too
Reaver Vandal. Don't get me wrong it's a good skin but it's overrated imo and you can find it in basically any other round on the floor or get one from ur teammate
You’re supposed to be lurking as cypher on attack . He is the only sentinel capable of tripping flank on the opposite site while you’re busy pushing an empty site
I was gonna say that’s some Geneva Convention wr crime levels of throw if I saw my raze double-satchel into enemies with a knife.
But I mean, to that point, what makes Chamber's actions here *definitively* evil (as implied by the question "Why is Chamber evil")? No one knows the true motivations behind alpha and omega Chambers' deal with each other, i.e. their motivation could be that they were actually saving more lives by destroying Everett-Linde, so I think it's harsh to say he's definitely evil.
packet loss? its seperate from ping,
legends say if you get good, someday you will be the one doing the 1 tapping
Omen can place a temporary one way mid-air and peek into it
Read it in skye's voice
I wouldn't want any baby to eat itself, am I in the minority?
> I also get shit on by gold/plats since they have no idea what they’re doing

god this is so true
I wish I was like you. Some voices really bother me, I don't know why. I am not going to call them names or whatever, but if they are talking quite a bit, I will mute.
Can this person stop faffing about and actually show the guns. I can't understand anything by what they're doing, especially with the extreme motion blur
Was it a Jett or Reyna?
It's my first post here, is it good? :D
That's a hard question, since their limits aren't well defined.

  
By Kay/o's story, Reyna must be quite powerful, but her abilities don't seem to go beyond her short invulnerability and extending her life.

  
Phoenix seems to be somewhat invulnerable. His healing let him tank the maxbot head on and if that's not enough, he can "respawn". There is no indication on what the downsides are, but duration doesn't seem to be an issue(Yoru's cinematic). If he could spam his ult, he's basically unkillable and thats just the survivalbility. Who knows how much fire he can cast, he probably doesn't even need a weapon. 

  
Kay/o says, Astra "destroys worlds", making her a clear candidate for number one, but her abilities aren't that explored. But giving her reality-bending characteristics, I would bet on her.

  
Skye could also be high up, one voice line implies that she can summon dragons, but doesn't do it anymore because bad things happened (either collateral damage or she can't control it). So she can basically create any supernatural lifeform she can imagine.
Yes please. Solo comp q.
Also a LOT of people play with a friend/party and use discord/party chat, leaving the rest of the team with no comms
The only worthwhile content in most multiplayer games is the esports content, which theres a fair few good content creators for. Otherwise the ranked improvement stuff and content surrounding the actual normal gameplay is the only real good stuff in pretty much any multiplayer game
It costs you 0 cents to be nice. Just be nice, people
Sage is also bad for the same reason though and we have cypher for anti dive.
she was on attack so could res, if you were clove in that’s same situation and died on defence, you can’t res :)
You reddit folks made this monster that you see now from mentioning woohoojin a billion times a day here LMAO
I don’t think hers trips are made for that kind of play, if you put them on entry to sites then it can slow and stop a fast push and help to pick off players, similar to cypher entry trips :)
Tip is to not think on the refresh rate and blame it if you play bad.
cuz some ults are way too OP? Imagine raze ulting at the start of the round and just holding the angle like a fucking shotgun the whole round.
It's kinda useless when you have only 1 functioning ear
Why can't people get that Agent choice doesn't matter but fundamentals, aim, and macro trump anything an agent can do. 

You're probably stuck Iron if you think your issue is "Man, I need an easy agent to make me climb higher. That's it. That's the solution"
nah, people dodge them all the time when you get to higher elo
Why’d you just abandon your teammates like that during Reyna encounter.
There were 3 of you on the A main.
This is facts since day one. While i love valorant, cs movement & gun play is unmatched. Still lame ass anti cheat unfortunately..
Watch woohoojin and quit worrying about performance. It gives you anxiety.
Then you can say that for literally every other game, as the only game I know of that has aim assist on m+kb is halo
r/technicallythetruth
Pistol is warmup
I only get irritated if the person asking for better comms isn't putting the same amount of effort that he's requesting. 

Comming util is a two way street, it's not limited to just flashes.
If riot wants valorant to be considered a tier1 esport then it should have a functional ingame replay system. Recording matches from your own pov is nowhere near as good as a replay system as it only shows one pov and what you saw not what the server saw, which is what matters in the end
I accidentally bought deadlock with vp because the currency wasn't highlighted properly. Good think they have refunds.
They’re 11-3 I have a feeling they gave up
I thought this was looped for a second
I use T since its what is typically default in other games so im just used to it. others may use a mouse button. I tried it but i felt like i would slightly move my cursor/crosshair to press the button at times, and it would mess up my aim so i just stuck with T
holy shit you panicked in the end lol. don't worry I've done the same shit over and over again haha. Sometimes the easiest kills are the hardest lol
Its similar to having immortal/ radiant buddy in iron 💀
bruh, not mentioning display in the title scared the shit out of me. "is 32in too big" jesus.
you dont realize how much you enjoy a map until its gone :(
As a higher level player I personally wouldn’t recommend him a lot for most players. He has some good explanations for certain aspects of the game, especially when it comes to info specific to certain agents, however in most cases his advice is not good.

He simplifies aim and movement too much with his “gunfight hygiene” stuff. If you don’t follow his recommendations down to the letter he just flames you for it in his vod review. Aim and movement in game is a lot more nuanced than what he lets on so after some point you’re at a huge disadvantage if you listen to him due to being predictable and slow to hit your shots.

He also confuses newer players (diamond and lower) due to having them focus too much on overly specific information like knowing one ways, line ups, and teamplay/strat calling. Getting out of lower ranks is really just playing with your team and trading them consistently and doing the most basic things with your abilities. You can get to immortal just doing that provided you practice mechanics and focus when actually playing.

He also seems to have no tolerance for disagreement with him since he heavily restricts who can chat and times people out over the strangest reasons. It seems like since he provides his coaching for free he thinks he can act like a jerk to anyone since they aren’t paying for a service.

Also I’ve seen some of his own gameplay from his ranked vods he uploads on YouTube and he makes some consistently terrible decisions, outaims his low immortal opponents, then proceeds to hype himself up about how good he is. There’s a reason he’s not a radiant level player anymore despite grinding so hard with a duo.
Kay/O. There are no maps where his flashes aren’t extremely effective, his knife gives great info and counters KJ (my least fave agent) and his Molly is great for stalling in post-plants
did you need see kuronami? probably the best selling bundle for the whole year lol
How do you think grammar rules even came to be? The population just woke up and it was decided like that?
The jump over the fade ult. Shooting at Reyna dismiss.
Still fine, most people were mindlessly wasting her flash anyway. Now she's just balanced and decent instead of being one of the strongest agents in the entire game.
And OP is clearly the least threatening 💀
i didn't look at the upgraded part and thought its just tilde knife variant but shits actually fire
I don't think it'll ever be boring to rock a kuronami ever. It will age like reaver it seems like
I'm pretty new to the game but it feels like Viper is taking a full speed truck in the face with this nerf...
People have been saying it for months/years, it's like the Switch 2.0 and replay system.

It makes perfect sense, but who knows when it'll actually come.
Skill issue. Canadian here. I speak French to scare the americans. Currently learning Arabic to scare them even more
I’ve recently had some foul players comment and harass me and my gf over voice. As you can guess by my profile, we’re both trans and have voices that don’t fully pass. Queue up with a fellow newbie and I promise you it will be way more bearable. (Also I also don’t do ranked either, fuck them)
iron lobby's are legitimately more difficult than this
lol bare minimum is 60 fps.

Won’t know if the hardware is keeping you in iron until you upgrade.
Is no VP in the battlepass lame? Yes!

Do you need to spend any money, ever, to play Valorant? No!

Do I buy skins I find are worth their value to me? Yes!

Do I buy skins I find that aren't worth their value to me? No!
I only care about my 200 credits I’ll never get back
High elo experience, tho yea, if a kid reached high  immo, they are usually really kind (forsaken's lil bro for example)
She looks fun but I'm going to die to her ult every time

My teammates are NEVER going to shoot me out of that shit lmfao
This. If you can carry, good. If you cannot, make sure you do.
If they remove ascent i might legit stop playing the game
aspas
Honestly after looking at it again, I think it’s this, her ult has a pretty long amount of time where the AoE and capture is active, so you can definitely end up accidentally walking into and getting fished.
I used to play alot of CS. But I find the community insufferable. Some of the worst edgy people of any game I have ever played. 
Hes a great duelist. Flashes suited for more Close range combat. But he's an amazing all around agent. A moly, a wall, flash. If you enjoy him, play him. I even play him in ranked. Don't listen to people too much. Many ppl in val think they're some meta-all knowing VCT  pro team coaches but can't get out of silver 😉
damn, i hope you at least have long pants
1. Smurfing 

2. Focuses insanely hard on headshots only

3. Could be using some sort of aimbot that corrects their crosshair to the enemies head
I feel obligated to mention this phenomenon to you. While I’m plat during daytime matches. I will only reach gold at night. I will also destroy the enemy day time on a weekend in a plat lobby(whether my team wins or loses) while I will have a challenging time on weekdays. As weird that is ranks are just not the same all the time.
It's only fun when your playing with friends tbh
Least toxic valorant player
Since the previous act they reduced the speed and made it track you or something because I have seen it follow people through sites
Fighting A rubble by running up knife out as CYPHER is suspendable behavior
The most depressing thing about this thread is how thoroughly microtransactions have been normalized at this point, and how willing people are to defend predatory business practices.
the rotating callout was actually so good. 

I cant spin 360 while spamming it now.
Thank god valve anti cheat is finally working in valorant and not cs2!!!
Nah that’s a pretty good omen buff, even if it seems small
Half of the gimmicks aren't very consequential to the map. Like what is Breeze's? The door that opens and closes but can't be broken? That isn't even close to what's wrong with the map. Neither is the crouch walking on Pearl, or the ropes on icebox and split.
People have boosting this way to high Immortal/Radiant for ages. Where have you been lol.
I am a duelist main and I hate most other duelist mains. I am immortal 2 and most of the duelists I get on my team either have comms off or only have them on to flame. Duelists and initiators should be the most vocal people on a team but it's almost never the case with duelist players.
"I love the kind of woman that will actually just kill me."
REAL
You can see the turret turning and shooting him, if you stop playing killjoy it wont happen again trust me
Yea thats what i was thinking. I saw a lot of people saying it breaks overwatch, too, since there is no delay in changing directions, but I personally dont play it, so
I think it's cause the spike only does one tick of damage but it lasts the whole duration. 

That is why when Reyna dismiss, she is invulnerable and doesn't take the dmg until after dismiss ends. Iso shield tanks the dmg instead of avoiding it.
What one will realize from rank to rank is that less is more. Its often about what you should not do than what should do. Its the same with movement. 

Moving less makes me stay calm. It helps me to think about readjusting my crosshair and to think about every angle each by each. 

Some comments:

1. Try to minimize the use of W key as much as possible
2. Wide peek at max velocity when you peek common angles. 
3. Proper counterstrafing and crosshair placement will get better after you learn how to stay calm. 
4. For every angle you peek, imagine there being an enemy such that ur mind is already mentally prepared to prefire. This will increase your reaction time and is a must in higher ranks.
I thought unranked was a pool of random people? I knew that comp was based on similar skill levels but i could be wrong
This is no different than having steam or Nvidia overlay on top, I don't think this should be bannable. Nice job OP hope they rule in your favor.
It's a very cerebral and critical position. Most players don't want the pressure or responsibility. You can hurt your team with poorly placed smokes or bad timing. 

That being said, I love it. Great kits for post plant clutching (separating fights, buying time, deception). Also I feel confident in my timings and understanding of the maps and opponents that I can have a huge influence on the game, even if I'm not fragging.
TOS only applies if you have less than 1k viewers, sorry.
Have you seen Hwei? So cool.
This made me and my buddy laugh so hard reading this. Truly sorry for this experience. However, I will say it sums up my experience too outside of meeting racist players.
Why would u invest all this time on customs, even after knowing all the deadlock techs, cypher/kj provides way better utility for the team?
I guess you also saw the hard stuck iron player dropping ‘20-30’ kills every game then only being positive once on his last 20 games with a <10% hs% lol
Yeah but all invisible utility is breakable. Astra just needs her 5th star back at this point.
Harbor says "Chal Hatt" after a kill(I guess) 

It loosely translates to "get lost".
Would be better if you had 10% but in gold so no, it just means you're doing something else significantly wrong.
It's awfullll
From watching some of the playtesting today she unfortunately looks pretty underwhelming. We'll have to see but I'd rather an agent need tuning up than down. No way she makes it to VCT though without serious buffs
She ain't running far with those homie
You're already there. Solid smokes are probably the best non frag impact you can have on your team. Just keep playing smokes, learn some one ways and lineups if you're brim and call it a day. Some games (plenty honestly) are lost when they start. Val has a bad team diff matchmaking in lower elos and you just have to accept it and close any skill gaps you can. Though if you're looking for a change, a good initiator can be helpful. As a duelist, a major problem is no one helps you on site then blames you for losing the 3 v 1. A good initiator that actually assists duelists to take site can make a big difference as well.
A lot of people don't even have him yet
I’m ascendant. And have bronze and silver friends that I play with. We NEVER play ranked together. It’s unfair for the enemy team, and will result in unbalanced matches. I also despise smurfing. 

Instead what I’ve found very fun, apart from messing around in Unrated, is to coach my friends when they play. They will play together as silvers, and stream their game through discord. I’ll then act as an IGL and try to coordinate them as a VCT team. It’s so much fun and has actually made them rank up a bit. They learn to play with each others utility and we all have fun together. Win win.
This battle pass, they released one where a Reyna cut a KAY/O knife mid-air
Shooting your own raze😭
Same with any comp game. Tbh crackhead hour is the best time to play
If your team has a reliable way to do a little splash damage like having a Raze, Viper, Fade, etc, this is literally a 2400 credit Op that can shoot twice like a Shorty lol.
Yeah there are so absolutelt abhorrent r6 maps lol
#PackWatch 💨💨💨🚬🗣️🗣️
Pearl will probably be back in the rotation in like a couple months

I also liked the map
Too many people comfortable behind a screen and they'll say whatever. Always mute & report and unfortunately besides that there isn't much we plays can do and they do end up getting punished but in my experience sending in a ticket manually with some footage works the best as I hardly ever get any feedback from my in-game voice reports only when it's chat.
What do you think about the recent buffs and nerfs with agents such as iso, reyna and viper? And how do you feel about coms being such a rare commodity atm?
downvotes are not that deep bro youll be fine
Just out of interest: doing that pre-round as an attacker is not so good, because then it is usually the side that is supposed to be attacked (at least in low elo I see that often) right?
“Nah I’d reverse bungee jump”
This act been the absolute worst for me with my luck with these types of players too it’s mildly annoying and very draining tbh
My favorite is Chamber's diss on kayo....
"Toaster is broken" and, "don't worry my friends, I will unplug their toaster "
Matter disappoints me, and I’m a matter.
Bro Tenz has an average of 30-34%.. 50%-60% is insane , maybe for few games yea, but averaging 50-60 nope
In gold just focus on your mechanics and use Reyna to frag yourself out
Riot 🤝 Blizzard 🤝 EA

Racing their popular FPS games to the bottom
I think Demon1 played her on Lotus last year. But yeah with Viper being meta, it made sense to run Omen alongside for his blind, one ways and tp antics. She will probably make a return if Viper becomes unplayable.
counter what, their super low range tp?
It's a mixed bag for me

On one hand, I don't like it when kids beg for skins or have annoying voices in comms

On the other hand, kids are easily impressed, so if you clutch out a round and make it look cool then you get lots of compliments and stuff
Lot of people probably read the description of duelists ingame and read that they are expected to make a lot of kills.

The Valorant wiki description is more on point:

Duelists are one of the four roles that agents are divided into in Valorant. Agents under this role have abilities that allow them to focus on being the first to enter sites and engage the enemy.
watching this guy feels like im watching myself on an off-day that never ends.
fade haunt, sova dart, and viper wall are the strong free abilities that come to mind

they all have lots of potential impact, with the haunt and dart having the ability to clear large areas and the viper wall having the ability to block several sightlines
hello singaporean bronze player here. can confirm I am hot garbage at this game, have no idea what you are talking about. guess im the exception ;-;
was abt to give actually advice on val but then i realized we have the same problem: easily fixed with a shower, a job, and at least an hour of sunlight a day👍🏻
Val has a big women pro scene with Game Changers! Best way is to get high in Radiant, join a premier team and win or local tournaments... or even start streaming to get noticed. For anyone going pro, its getting noticed and getting picked up by a team.
I think they may have forgotten to mention its 1k credits when you leave alive. If you die its 1900+loss streak and other sources of income (elimination, afk teammate, spike planted).
Shroud maybe
MMR isn’t trying to get you into the “correct” rank. It’s trying to get you into lobbies of your skill level. If your playing against golds while in bronze their MMR is more likely in silver than your MMR being in gold.
Not smurfing is much appreciated and keeps the game dynamic much healthier…sadly many ppl don’t see it the way you do
Young playerbase
This was my opinion until I started playing Neon. B-hopping isn't super difficult with Spacebar, but when you're constantly doing it at high speeds scroll wheel just saves so much effort and makes it much more consistent. I still sometimes use the spacebar for regular jumps and 50/50 when playing other agents(although that's mostly due to muscle memory wanting to use the scroll wheel). In other games, I rarely use the scroll wheel to jump.
radiant used to be called valorant and i liked it, and i think even valiant would be better  


but for god's sake im platinum what do i have to say on the matter lmao
Couldn’t playing offline still be seen as work? Getting better as a player to help your job, ranking up to help your job.
Can you explain why?
wheres your crosshair lol. nice ace tho
recorded on 120 fps but only able to export at 60 fps
"Let's turn the tides!!"

I love Harbor
It isn't necessarily to show that, he started at 150 and would end at 150. You don't permanently lose HP from vipers orb and wall. Just a temporary decay to make you weak. 
Your hp goes back to what it was once the decay is done.
Vanguard is designed with windows in mind, they can’t simply just make it work with macOS they are using different languages under the hood. 

When they do get a macOS AC I imagine Linux might follow afterwards as well
most of the time, it's one of the 4:-

1.) they don't understand the f5/f6 prompt for yes or no.

2.) they think it's similar to surrendering and think they'll lose rr.

3.) it's a party member of someone else in the group who believes they'll come back.

4.) the first round goes especially well even without the 5th teammate, and someone thinks, it'll continue without 5th teammate, or they'll come back.
Interesting enough, I had seen many people hiding there in my games, but never seen them getting there
Flaming in anything is cringe.
Regression to your average is the thought of a ranked system. Can you link tracker and keep playing on your second account? Over several months if you’re still in plat/diamond odds are the rank system is severely flawed. If your alt account begins to fall at some point then you’re simply a silver who had a lucky streak riding the high rr exchange of a fresh account. I’m not saying you are or aren’t good but it would be cool to see this develop
It has to be. Right? No way they make unique maps for the game mode that doesn’t stay
That's why I always break it from the side while taking cover behind the other block
Feels like saying "male healer" is just much more efficient than saying "a male character who has an ability to do heals"
I wish we had headshot only mode.
It would be except most of the maps force you into 50-60 metre sight lines where only the guardian is accurate
What ranked game is worse? Overwatch used to be* better, rocket league is better, shit I’ll take Omega Strikers over this game. 

The ranked clown fiesta is annoying. Say I’m plat and queue a plat lobby. Well all of a sudden there’s a silver a gold and 2 plats on one team or the other. Another example is when I was in my ascendant promo games I had gold 2 people on my team. 

You go on a win streak and now you’re playing people a whole rank above you. Why should you have to play a rank above you to make it out of the rank you’re in? 

When people can sit here and have discussions and theories about how a system works and nobody knows the actual answer, that’s a problem. 

Let me play against my rank until I’m out of that rank. Make gains and losses transparent. 

Can you tell me a single benefit of riots convoluted system? I’ve seen devs say you get perf bonus for assist “we swear bro” . I’ve never seen it happen with me or anyone I know. You get punished for not fragging out and get nothing for assists. Gain +20 rr on a match you went insane in dropped 30+ hell yah! Then turn around and go even in your next game and lose -23. 

It’s just a horrible system
In general valorant maps aren’t well designed compared to other games. However, imo Haven is a very good map. Ascent is ok too but it’s nothing crazy.
Bro was blinded the entire skydive
Then go find five friends and hit radiant together brother
bro why am i still in bronze 2

(it's because I am the omen getting stabbed)
Just imagine me as a new player who has never played fracture haven or pearl
She's a controller who can set up everywhere around the map, something like omnipresent. But kinda hard to use because she basically tell enemies, hey something may happen on this spot which is both good and bad.
It wasn’t a hardware ban and they confirmed it did more than bypass streamer mode, but I agree.
neo frontier sheriff. Best skin in the entire game imo. Would trade all my skins for it ngl. I barely even use sheriff
I personally use a foot pedal, takes a couple games to get used to tho. Doesn’t mess with any keybinds or anything at all, the only issue is that you’d have to get a foot pedal haha
I have a mouse button that I used for my with the other muting team for clutches.
The flash was thrown at the wall, and was stuck in the barrel
Why can’t you just draw her normal bruh. Weird freak…
I kinda like giving out my gun skins. Only thing I don't love is when they overcomplicate it and confuse me lol
I was watching my bronze friends stream in discord. I noticed that this viper was jiggle peek, Jump peek and I was like how is this guy doing these techniques In bronze
It will get better in higher ranks. There are still the insta locker but they won’t complain that often bcs it is an unspoken rule that you loose your right to complain and ask for an agent if you are insta locking an agent.

Basically tell them they should play that specific role if it is sooo important for them bcs you will always find an instalocker Reyna or Jett in your team so no need to have more of them.
i can say one for each role.
Duelist:dont entry, play for kd and dont to their job
Sentinal: EXTREMELY passive playstyle thats built around baiting your teammates and saving every round cus you anchored (they havent faked a single time) 
Controller: filling smokes but you dont use abilites
Initiator: running in before a duelist has time to entry and then you cry baiting duelist
Mute and focus on your next move
I think you should see a doctor
What are you exactly anchoring on attacking half?
It takes years to build a reputation and the evening of a bored Redditor to ruin it.
pro tip for EU players: no one knows what Subroza is
These people need to be put in jail. It’s supposed to be a game. I’m a male and I don’t say things like that if I get women on my team.
They smoked hooka, I have a shorty, could you ult if they kill me brim?
This is the best wall for defence. The only thing I'll add is if you aim it higher when firing from behind generator on A site, you can also cover the exit of tube into kitchen. Can sometimes help for a fast mid push.
Same. As a Viper main, I feel like I have some sort of record for being the first on site, getting the first blood, AND planting. The alternative is bait them, until they finally start pushing out and go to the other site lol. They take so long to execute that by the time they do, the whole enemy team is waiting for them. Gives me a free plant on the other site. Most of my 1v4/5s are from using my Ult to clutch.
yea in ur shop
Ig its for counter play but man it honestly holds him back a lot
No way this doesnt get patched right?
It's not that broken if you have a Raze, Omen, Yoru, Jett or Sage wall, you can easily jump or teleport over/through it. The other agents are kinda fucked tho.
Sub-optimal play isn't the same thing as throwing.  Throwing has to involve intentionally trying to lose the match which cannot be done through gun selection alone.
THIS is the main reason for me. I mean, at the start of the game i'm willing to let the Gekko proof that he WON'T send off Wingman to plant without the site being cleared. But after the third successless attempt i'd rather plant the spike myself then loosing another round because we have to retake Site just to get bomb back.
Can we normalize telling people their clips are bad when they are bad
Why not just do coaching instead, you'll experience a part of it but also get paid? Maybe as a side job.
I. mean the smurf normally has better game sense too so it’s hard to get behind them. Not always but mostly
in my experience

asc1-immortal1 u can bet ur sweet buns that the enemy team is going to be going mostly sherrif if they lose pistol.

buying the outlaw usually gets big value when they do this. if you just get a marshal ur not nearly as strong on bonus round.
damn, that is filthy, imagine if you'd missed the last kill
You have to realise that this game has been out for 3 years and basically everyone that played at the start has played cs before. there is a skill gap between you and other people before you can start having fun. i’d say get used to the game by playing with friends and try to have alot of fun while still learning the mechanics.
what if he is on an off-angle, dude was playing stairs in the weirdest area possible a bunch of times lowkey
People can shit talk him if they want, but the banana man is great. active and posts frequently. Gets content out for every type of player
Ascendant. Your gamesense is amazing! Same with your aim!. However, your enemies don't seem to be imm/radiant, so I think ascendent fits this well.
I mean, it works most of the time. Sometimes I get more kills than other days. It is what it is lol
Spectre over phantom statement is valid tho
Sounds like any other type of addiction. 

Have you tried talking to him? Is he receptive of what you have to say or does he just brush it off?
elderflame vandal. idk why but i can't ever hit my shots with it. i had a duo who use to give it to me and laugh.
The death stranding vibes r strong with the black effects
I think if she is alone, self heal should do more. Maybe not to 100 but it’s borderline useless and this is coming from someone who has played sage for a long time. This would allow people to heal effectively when they are the only person left on the team which can happen quite a bit as a sage.
I have bronze friends who play like an immortal when theyre locked in, but usually just trolling around xD i guess we just gotta a tiny bit more consistent ;D
Clove by design and concept is really fun and engaging even if she isnt necessarily the best at the controller thing imo.

Lukewarm take incoming but my issue is that agent variety in rank games have severely tanked (at least in my experience) its just Jett/Reyna/Clove/Cypher/Initiator in majority of my games or some mix of the two. Sure you get the occasional Omen but for how rewarding it is as a duelist aggro player to play Clove ofc the majority will gravitate towards that. 

Its the agent that when I see someone pick it I just go “Ugh :/“ cause there is an unfortunately high chance that the person is either playing for themselves or isnt that good in playing controller.
Fracture can stay a memory 🗿 everyone “misses” it but 10 min after it’s back, this sub will be filled with “why would they bring bull shit fracture back”
OP is talking about people dodging a match and forcing them back into a que while they are still in a loading screen. Because they are still stuck on a loading screen they can't select an agent.  I've had it happen and my system is running a 2tb Samsung Evo. It's a problematic bug they have yet to fix
You can frag any agent. Duelist just make it a little bit easier but not significantly
I never liked yellow, but now I'm going to give it a chance hahahah
could be a TDM map but i do see a A grafitti in the middle of the screen, could be a real map too

my bad by seing this image i really though it would be a map annouced
Thered definitely be spots where she can hold mid and have good setups on both sites. Basically play like how brim has to to be able to smoke both sites
Don’t get your expectations high with the replay but it seems like it’s finally coming at some point. More communication is always appreciated.
It’s an old copy pasta from the cs community. It’s a troll-y comment.(:
No they do not, for some reason they decided to work it different to Reyna's overheal
No, they come back at whatever they were before ult
I love Omen so much, his kit is just so versatile
I was really looking forward to it as well. Even bought tickets to the finals to see it live 😭
This two ain't enough town for the big of us...
Ascendant on console is bronze on pc
Clone can be recalled?
Idk what this Yamcha is, but it sounds just like Raditz.
Fast execution to be able to use it in the middle of a gunfight
I agree he feels tricky in this meta. Not much too counter besides raze nade or sova arrow. 

Maps like breeze and sunset he’s pretty tough against he can lock down a site by himself
It’s highly situational. But if you’re at a lower elo it’s almost guaranteed better to not crouch.
This the Reyna nerf might be the best thing announced here. Jesus Christ maybe we won’t have to see her every single game
Valorant gives off that old sci-fi action movie vibe where you just want action and don't even want it be realistic
Buffing other characters as an answer to already strong characters just leads to power creep.
Spraying a heavy gun feels wrong
Omen was like :"ah cool, shadows traveling"
Canonically Yoru can dimensional hop so im definitely taking that. I can even be intangible and invisible if i ever go to a dimension where deadly robots took over
Because many clueless players just want to practice their "aim" and learn to one-tap everyone in straightforward duels.
pretty sure there isn’t an actual way to detect smurfs, the game just sees it as someone having a really good game and will shift their mmr/ rank based on how well they are doing to get them to their proper rank
First is rarer than Day One since it was given to Beta players
No, now hand over the bucky 🫲
He's referring to the indian streamer curry who only smurfs for content, and is super toxic to the low elo players whilst smurfing
if his wall actually did that, I bet he'd be more viable to play. more like a controller/sentinel mix
Would have totally worked if there was a replay system
I almost hesitated to post Reyna because I figured it would be a hot take, but to be completely honest I can maybe on one hand count the number of Reyna's I've played with who haven't been just completely foul and mean, like absolutely unprovoked.  They're always mean af, never constructive in any criticism. It's like they're just mean to be mean and extremely selfish.  I have Reyna PTSD at this point because a majority of my bad experiences in the short time I've played have been them. Idk if Reyna just attracts miserable people or what, but it should be studied, lol.
ISO is definitely not busted.
The top of the shadow with the butterflies coming off is definitely a cool touch, gonna have to wait to see it in game
Am I the only one who hates ice box ten times more than breeze? 

Breeze is not my favorite map, and there are multiple out of rotation I’d replace it with. But I fucking HATE icebox. I’d be happier if they deleted that map and never brought it back. They’ve tried large scale changes to fix it again and again and again and I still just can’t stand it.
My computer crashed mid Match yesterday, loaded back in, all was fine, 280hz, then the round started and the enemy Reyna and Jett were invisible, just floating guns. I have video of it.

Additionally, last week the game disconnected me mid March, I rejoined and the enemies currency was listed as "$800". Yes, dollars. Have a picture of that too  


Edit: video of the invis- https://youtu.be/UcWGGbSZRsg
breeze without a doubt
No, why would an agent get a specific finisher?
It's an unwritten rule but only give ace if it's clear you're going win the round. Also an ace given to you isn't a real ace, more like a feel good thing
The 'not sleeping with underage people' part feels like it is rly important idk why tho
Correct me if I'm wrong but this is the game you're referring to right?

[https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/DinoChan%230920/overview?playlist=competitive](https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/DinoChan%230920/overview?playlist=competitive)

Given that this was round 9 Omen probably had ult and you shot/killed his ult and in your next fight with him he killed you and you wiffed
Have you just started playing this game? People complain about almost everything
It’s useful information to provide. For example, if you had started your comment with your rank, I could’ve saved myself the pain of reading the rest of it.
Play Default. Hold Crossfires. Punish enemies for overagression.
I'm pretty pro crossplay, but I can not see Val working crossplay even casually.
This 

Hooj used to do this form of low ELO coaching where we would 5 stack a bronze team against an actual 5 stack( not his students), but that stopped after his team got the exact same team twice, which was just bots throwing the game to reach iron 


Its so sad, and honestly as someone who started iron 3, I've faced those bots as well
Also weapon penetration

Some like classic/ghost/frenzy/stinger/spectre etc. are light

Phantom/Vandal/Marshal/Bulldog etc. are medium

Guardian/Sheriff/OP/Ares/Odin are heavy


You'll find glass boxes (i.e. Ascent A or Bind A) barely affecting medium/heavy guns (and affecting light a noticeable amount)

and some like Ascent B's main wall only being pierced by heavy pen
Great job! I hate those kind of players though, won't stop talking on the mic even tho they are dead.
imagine being immortal and she tells you how to play the game
no there is Iso topping her
Plat/diamond?
can we also get stationary yoru clones to test flashes or stuns without having someone else in the custom lobby?
Maybe he's just having fun playing 1v1 against you? I always have these stupid "I'm better than you" arguments with my bf just because it's fun and I like to play against him (I'm better than him)
"Patient's throwing"
You can also go to the jump up box for nest, jump forward before the barrier goes down, and latch onto the zip just as the round starts which I believe is faster
nah, mendeleev was the guy who arranged the periodic table


the Mandela effect is named after Nelson Mandela
spamming right click and the sound it makes when you have your bow in your hand >>>
The fact that swift play is missing them too makes me sad
a bit more context is needed. if it’s just lurkers your premade is struggling with, that’s not really a chamber issue. your team is most likely over-rotating and you’re being punished for it
OC was very genuinely worded, not sure why the snark of "non-binary people exist outside the US."

Way to slap an ally when anti-trans hate is rising.
[deleted]
Hesitation is defeat
No. It's not just about pixels. Dude makes $10000+ monthly whilst actively lying in every single video of his. Reducing this fraud to a bunch of pixels is like reducing a con man to a bunch of atoms.
Party invite codes.. neat
You should fix spraying after killing someone habit first, breaking all your crosshair placement
finally, we got attack helicopter in Val
Yes please, let's go back to you being the only one. I fucking hate playing against Cypher so damn often.
Get mechanics down before u start seriously playing comp. You can help a teammate more with game sense with coms, but not mechanics. I much rather have a teammate that can shoot but doesn't know what he's doing than one that is aware but can't shoot, because I can help the first with my coms.
Aim trainers dont help much with the actual games... 

If you want to get better than that time is better spent playing the actual game.
Afk = means away from keybord, meaning the player is not currently there as in not playing the game

GG = Good game (Used after a game) can also be GGWP = Good game, well played.

CT/T = used when giving callouts (they are ct) (they are T) T = Attacker. CT = Defender. This is a CSGO callout which has moved to valorant aswell.

NP = No problem (used when someone says ty´)

GLHF = Good luck, have fun. (Used at the start of a game)

EZ = Easy

GGEZ = Good Game, Easy (Same as GG/GGWP just toxic not recommended)

Eco = Usally just means save money for next round, so you can buy fill kit / Gun, armor, abilites

PLS = Please

GJ = Good jobl

NS = Nice shot

MB = my bad

NT = Nice try

Some other slangs also used

LOL = Laughing out loud, when something is funny

LMAO = Basically the same as LOL but it means laughing my ass off

ROFL = Rolling on floor laughing used same context as lmao

WTF = WHAT THE FUCK - When something crazy happens also annoying

That's all i can remember as of now.
> A lot of people spray without knowing how loud that shit is.

In the old spray system, there used to be a cartoon KJ turret that was available as a "during round" spray. I used it as a bait turret for a while and eventually Riot realized it would be smart to make it pre- and post-round only, so when the toggled that setting, they made it so that my middle spray slot was empty. It was so nice to not worry about accidentally hitting T next to R for reload, I'm glad that the new system allows you to empty out your sprays or only use pre- and post- round sparys
 I haven’t quit yet, but I am very close to quitting because of this. 

 I don’t have fun in most of the matches I play because they go one of these routes:

 1. You stomp them 13-2, boring, you don’t improve and you will win no matter how you play.

 2. You get stomped 2-13, frustrating, you will lose no matter how you play and it wastes my precious limited free time. 

 3. AFKs, toxic players or smurfs ruining what would otherwise be a fairly balanced match so it is going to turn into one of the 2 scenarios I mentioned above. 

 Solid 60-70% of my matches have been this way in this new episode. It has never ever been this bad for me before. Maybe I am just unlucky but I have been playing for years and no other act has been this bad.

 Just like you said, I get maybe 1 match out of every 3 matches where it is competitive, but then there is a chance that I bottom frag and not enjoy it anyway so it ends up being not fun.

 I did a little bit of calculating a few days ago and I realized having fun every 1 in 5-6 matches means I get 40 minutes of fun once every 4-5 hours of playtime. If I only have 2-3 hours of free time every day, it is just a waste of time for me to play Valorant. I have to gamble whether it will be a good day or a bad day where I lose all my matches (some unfair and literally unwinnable) and I start questioning whether it is even worth it to waste my limited free time like that and go to bed with a sour mood.
Thing is she used to heal more but riot switched IT so you ve got to prio teammates not yourself
pullback smokes are ust too good. I know it can be quite obvious when you do them but I still get away with a lot of pushes using them.
Hi guys,

I've been watching a lot of pro games recently and I have come to realise pros just aren't very good with deadlock, at least not as good as me anyway.

There are alot of scenarios that I can easily win 10 games straight on but no pro players seem to be able to do the same thing. I believe they probably don't understand how to utilise her kit as well as I do, or have not spent enough time theorycrafting whilst sniffing glue.

I keep winning games just stunning enemies with her throwing net and pros barely seem to do that, are they stupid?

If any pro teams need a new fill in, I think I would probably dominate next Champions tournament pretty easily based on what I have seen.

Sincerely, Average Gold Valorant Player
208 hours Bronze 1 and valo is my first fps. Idrk how to feel about that
Tactical shooter.
me
Ticking away is peak though. The quiet piano melody part sends chills and the crowd chant is amazing
I think I can agree with this as the most reasonable! Thank you.
Me who just keep holding 4 until it says victory 
[image](https://imgur.io/a/UWyTJpN)
no ability is "meant" for you to do anything with it. theyre supposed to be versatile and not literally just one use only. its even worse now that there literally is only one molly and even less versatility due to the orb basically being a one time thing now too
its not about being the best, its about the way he speaks and develops an ego around "you need to be thinking like this if you want to be like us radiants" and nitpicking on things that low elo players do. developing a sense of authority and being able to say you're an ex-radiant is a slimy business tactic when you struggle in ascendant. what he says isnt necessarily bad but its just a slimy way to go about life. 

if your advice is good, it should speak for itself because people can follow it and improve. 

but instead, he deceitfully hides the fact that he got an account boosted and then paraded around. stolen valor. faked credentials. its just untrustworthy. its funny because he has a cocky attitude but people excuse it because hes supposedly really good. turns out he, after years of research and studying, can't get out of asc LOL. which is funny as fk to me because i hate people with big egos and its nice to see him face reality. im just glad it feels like im not the minority opinion either. i dont think he is a bad coach. but i think its funny and fair to point fingers at him and go "CRINGE! CRINGE!"
I've been picking up the default vandal the last 2 days and it feels amazing at this moment even better than the paid skins i own
Because he freaking bashes on other cc and players for either smurfing or boosting. So it totally goes against his strong beliefs and morals. Look at him addressing this you can tell his guilt. He is trying to save his ass. I always didnt like how he acted all high and mighty white knighting about other people smurfing or boosting. I knew something sus was up when he is so strongly against those things. People who act like him always has skeleton under their closet. I wouldnt give a shit if he just coached and didnt bring other people down for "morally" wrong behavior in video games. But god damnn the fact that he never hit radiant and he acts like this is a BAD LOOK.
Because sometimes they come back the next round. Usually their duo tells us they're getting food or something and then they come right back.

Edit: no need to be so aggressive, I never personally do this. I'm just explaining a reason why some do.
Bro how much have you dodged to get 12 hours. I dodge almost daily and get a 3min ban, max 5 minutes
Imma be real, Valorant is one of the friendlier multiplayer games which I really envy as someone who came from CSGO, it's the main reason why Valorant is much more genderly diverse than CS
Matchmaking for dm is pretty much non-existent at this point. I've been playing a couple weeks ago against ACE Alive, who is a tier2 pro valorant player. I am plat2..
what if you report everyone
the cost of immortality is 90% of your polygons
I wanted some reassurance but I guess you can call it validation. I did not think I was baiting, but I have genuinely wondered in the past if I unintentionally bait my teammates, specially when I play astra and stay behind a little bit to smoke. Again, I didn't think I was baiting, but I also understand that I could be wrong and genuinely wondered if that was considered baiting. But yeah, I guess you're right.
Bro is entering his 18+ arts arc
Yes
the first 4 rounds haha
There are crates with radianite there. Omega earth valorant need radianite to keep pearl from collapsing, so they attack at any spot with radianite. Alpha earth valorant defends anywhere where omega earth attack, thus ascent!

At least im pretty sure that's accurate, lemme know if i got anything wrong.
>I’m old now, in my mid 20s,

Wtf?  Well I am young still, 33.  I don't need a proper warm up I just jump straight into comp after work.  

These Zoomers need to keep up and stop asking dumb questions mid match like "What skin do you think represents me better?" Idk kid, now stop bottom fragging.
If it was a one off I'd just say he's a womanizer. But he has a history so it's definitely creepy.
No
I didn't even realize it until after round when my teammates told me he just died lol
Also to stop running while shooting
Judging from the comments, I'm now fully convinced this subreddit doesn't like anything at this point
It’s to get a deadzone shot before committing to the fight. In a woohoojin video (one of the mechanic ones), he actually mentions this being a common fighting technique and does it himself in some deathmatches.
This is what utility is for. You flash out. Or you reveal with a dart. Or you fly in with blast packs. Etc, etc.
after all, it's only an indie company who made the game
Well, it could take a massive amount of energy to scan and upload the corpse, so nano-tech or not, maybe the energy drain is simply too large for it to do much more floating.
Gi gi gi gi gi gi gi gi give me a corpse
The maps not the lore lol
I don't think it really matters what servers you're in. There are toxic people everywhere you go. 

Did you play in the Japanese server once? Because you could've just been unlucky with your teammates. I play in NA West servers and they haven't been bad for me.
No, it's Project A. But now it's named Valorant
I missed my long blonde hair after getting bald, so I picked Sova

>All radians are better than almost anyone else at the game

On the other hand, all degrees are worse than almost anyone else at the game
I also think it's so cool that they added that guys clip as one of the best player cards I've seen. And the fact that it's free is the cherry on top
And expensive as hell.

7k VP at least.
That alien bug-like sound when you pull out is so crisp.
Because small indie company riot owned by family owned company tencent prefers to prioritize skins over anything else.
Phoenix can flash teammates as well as enemies
They'll have to nerf at least his shield duration ASAP,  with further likely nerfs until we get Blackbeard 2.0 

I'm thinking he'll end up getting reworked akin to Yoru, about 6 months down the line at the very least.
I think maybe she wasn't referring to those people.
Most of the time it goes “oh cypher set up on B lets just go A” and then hes irrelevant for the rest of the round. I might be simplifying it a lot but i just dont see him having as much presence as the other agents OP mentioned
That's horror movie type shit lmao, like imagine you're planting or something and the fish just pops out of nowhere 😭
I’m hoping EG didn’t win org of the year they’re a shitty org with amazing players (I’m not attacking the players but EG’s financials and work environment)
I think the main point that's being made is it completely invalidates light shields forcing a full save after losing pistol tbh tho I really don't think it's all that bad
Learning to main Deadlock, that net grenade at the end was awesome. Really well timed imo. Hope I can get to this level of play.
There are 6 players on Xbox and 1 has it
You shouldnt need any tbh. Regardless of how well everyone plays, someone is going to be bottom frag. If you allow it to bother you you’re letting them win. You’re the one giving their words power. Once you stop caring so much about what others think about you, you will stop getting so tilted
Theres like none. Only people who do it do it for content, aka streamers/youtubers. Or smurf losers
What if 25 can still smoke while dead?
i think the german is pretty good, considering that they pronounce ß correctly. But the VA needs to learn how to pronounce ä, ö and ü, cause in the few voice lines they appear she instead says a, o or u.
that was me in the clip, in my defense I don't play this game as much anymore and I this was my first time playing against Deadlock. About my aim? yeah I can't defend myself with that LOL
Ah nice tyvm! someone told me a brimstone has smokes you don't need to lineup?
Iron 3 to ascended 3
I remember when there was no point gains in ranked games, like you only see those 1 2 or 3 upside simbol, usually, mid plat was between diamond 1 and plat 1, there was no a huge difference in rank, I don't know how people can defend this matchmaking system, is so trash.
As a KAY/O main, I thank you for recognizing our service! :)
Deathmatch is my favorite game mode but it's just too frustrating, I'm Iron 3 & typically half the lobby is ascendant or higher. In my last match, there was a top 500 player that got their 40 kills in about three minutes. It feels like I'm just there to be fodder with no actual chance to participate.
Knife crime in England and London is pretty crazy.
it is like that with all new maps i remember when this was on breeze or pearl people in general hate new things and change
i just did and my instagram and linkedin just popped up as the first and second result. And linkedin pfp as the first resukt on Google Images wtf.
Out of the maybe 6 times I've had the chance to remake, it's only happened ONCE. Every single fucking time, someone thinks they're being funny or edgy by voting no. 

It's fucking INFURIATING. Like nothing makes me want to turn my PC off more than that.
Cypher getting some love. Golden hour new sunset map?
Reyna why arent you flanking by yourself?
Stops people from just sitting back and being carried by 2 better friends.

"And the fact that you can 5 stack still means that pros can still just assemble their team in ranked."

No pro does this often because the queue time would be way too long.
I'm amazed at how many people forget that you just need to press "X" to exit the Thrash UI lol.

I know it's not much, but by doing this you save a few seconds and speed up changing UIs. You don't need to wait for Thrash to jump and explode to return to the standard UI, canceling the ult is much faster. Oh well.
I thought it was infinite... 😅
I would argue they are the worst ability in the game. They're so unbelievably situational and difficult to get any value out of.
Radianite mostly exists to pressure you into buying the battle pass imo - that's the best value for dollar way to get radianite. Not defending the practice, as someone who is going to need to grind out the whole thing to upgrade the weapons I just spent $100 on, but it is what it is.
It's not even that stinger is insane it's that spectre feels kinda bad.


The main advantage it's supposed to have is the ability to 1v2 on round and less punishment if you miss but it's falloff range and damage just don't feel up to par and you risk so much more compared to buying a Sherrif or Marshal.
If like I get to use as much as I want, jett, I’d updraft as high as I could and be dashing around like crazy. Plus I think realistically she just an airbender, id channel my energy for like air scooters and monk techniques.
You must have the lowest MMR in history of gaming cuz my silver lobbies were never like this lol
Hell nah, now I'm imagining she was frantically knocking and searching for the secret rune decoding of the door for 12 hours at the door 💀
I play Yoru and I know so many lineups that every time someone dodges Icebox I want to scream and insult them.
Mounds of sand are literally used to stop bullets in real life.
Damn. Solid shots and very solid editing.
8 with kayo in ult being picked up
They made a whole Christmas mode, which they still have available. That mode will make more people play. They just need to release the game mode again. It’s literally no cost to them at all. 

The more cool things in game = more people play valorant = more people buy skins = more money for epic games
I’m indifferent on Pearl but I seriously miss Fracture/Haven. It’s been forever since they’ve gone it’s kind of ridiculous
Actually kinda shreds, defense only.


Yes, wallbanging/smokes is a huge part, and you need to play odin-lite. And it cant run and gun like a spectre.


But, lots of places have underrated insane postplant/choke/plant denial angles. Open plant at Breeze B, you can spam thru windows wall, for example.
Zekken is incredibly consistent. Even last year during SEN’s downfall, he was the only playing doing well
It’s a slippery slope trust me. I don’t know anyone that bought just ONE skin. After you get the knife, sooner or later you’ll see something else and go “ehh why not?”.
When I worked in T1 esports as an analyst this mentality would also affect my players. But more so their own performance “my KD sucked that game I must be terrible” kind of attitude. We had to have some players disable their scoreboard (which unfortunately isn’t viable in valorant). Some players would ask to see their stats and I would refuse to give them. 

If pros are affected negatively by seeing stats then it’s unfortunately gonna plague amateurs even more
Hey OP played good their team just pissed their pants lmao
my switch was from 60 hz to 240, lemme tell you the difference is night and day, you can physically see the difference, completely wild
I didn’t even realize they had no event this year.
Iso buff looks very cool, hope they do something for his wall as well
They feel called out is what it is.
“yo the enemy team has 3 mollies, raze nade and omen flash, do you wanna 5 stack main?”
did any of you guys in the comments even read the article at all?

THIS IS NOT ABOUT VANGUARD NOT DETECTING AIMBOTS OR ANY CHEATS

this is about esports players throwing matches intentionally by betting against themself on gambling sites in tournaments.

they talk about how some players were caught and fined because of matchfixing and how to prevent that in the future.

Vanguard, Aimbot, wallhack and anything like that isnt mentioned in the article at ALL.

stop making the commetns about "why isnt vanguard stopping this?" when this article is only about matchfixing.
Low elo be like...
"Focus Now"
You should try spray and pray, this is how I got to bronze 2 so it should probably work for you
CC-VLRNT-CCHAL-WNGMN
They happen. Accept it and move on to the next. Nothing you could do here so no reason to tilt
It’s very clearly just smurfing not cheating
Even if comboing her with kj does make her better you have to look at what youre giving up by not bringing something else. Double initiator gives you more intel gathering abilities and flashes, double duelist gives you either a second diver or a followup with flashes to take trades, double controller (really just anyone + viper) gives you insane amounts of pressure and siteholding abilities from anywhere on the map, double of the other trip sentinels gives you the ability to strengthen both sites and if you have sage then you have a second entry along with res as well as still the ability to slow rushes.
Yes, this is 100% intended.

I think clove dropping they them gun when they ult is very likely NOT intended. And it makes me mad when it happens to me.
Delete this comment before Riot sees it. Lmfao
Likely for lineups. A full health full shield enemy can survive an entire snakebite, so Viper needs the decay damage from her orb to ensure her lineups will kill.

Also, if the enemy is going to smoke themselves off while defusing, you might as well activate your own smoke for the decay damage while you try to spray them down.

Smoking yourself while planting can also protect you, just like smoking the defuse. This can really help if she plans to ult after the plant, as she will be very vulnerable for a couple seconds while her ult animation finishes and she tries to reposition.

This doesn't mean it's always the best play to smoke the spike, though. It's all situational and up to personal preference.
thats me, I am the washed immortal
It is easier to                    read like this?
i forgot how it is to see new players which dont really understand much haha
I mean... there's literally self-called coaches smurfing for content...
Well hes just showing highlights, easy to make things look good when you only show the time it works lol, he will die and look dumb running and gunning alot, id be intetested in knowing how long the grind takes him when/if he reaches radiant
reyna gaming,  and never play reyna
"Awkward" that's exactly the feeling that describes this map, everywhere on the map seems overly exposed, or dont feel right.
The game isn't even out, most players there have never played Valo on PC. Of course the quality is lower.

The quality will always be lower than on PC sure, but once the game is fully out just give it a few months/half a year and the difference isn't as huge as it is now.

I don't understand people who compare a community that has played for a few weeks to a community that has played for years and has experience on similar games such as CS prior to that.
I'd either go for Jett ( if I want to be a bit more flashy), or Chamber (I could buy anything I want).
You are definitely smurfing. Lobby rank should be around gold/plat
There are weirdos online everywhere, don’t sweat it.
Ok thanks, I’m climbing through silver/gold rn and I was a bit confused
It's good at preventing full rush on 5 stack attacks on a site (Bassically like how kj uses her molly)  


But because of the short timing you need to activate it at the best time. And when you are not on the site itself you need coordination with your team so that they can tell you when to activate it
if your B stairs someone spawns boathouse and shoots you in the back every goddamn time
>Teammates lost pistol and second round?  Guess what, the game is lost.

Holy fuck this gets my blood boiling when it happens. I have to remind my whole team that it's fucking pistol rounds because their mental is shattered after 2 rounds.
I don't like that they took away the "I'm rotating" one
The better the skin the better the Ace
Yeah that sucks. I love these skins but ain't no way I'm spending that much as a student. Props to the team behind it either way, it's hella cool
I love Raze's satchels

I hate that Raze doesn't have more satchels
most importantly in maps that don't have a c site
An a completely unrelated note, allow muting agent chat wheel callouts please
You're perfectly right bro. Valorant has a huge smurfing problem, there's basically at least 1 smurf in every game from iron to mid gold. These things that try to gaslight you into thinking you're delusional are either smurf themselves, or they get boosted by their smurf friends. Oh and this post will be deleted soon, this sub doesn't allow any posts that bring up smurfing.
Fuck that Jett
I use the scroll wheel, but I've almost never scrolled to the wrong weapon before.
It’s Raze that says that. Love that voice line
Kj is still really good on most maps but cypher is a clear winner on maps like split, sunset, breeze. Kj on ascent haven bind and lotus. Chamber is fine for those who frag and want to op. Deadlock is okay when they know what to do otherwise are dead on arrival. 

Other than deadlock I think sentinels are in a good spot tbh. I wouldn’t want to see them messed with much.
Agree that what the girl did was silly but also women are constantly harassed in video games. Valorant is on the good side of things but my user is just my name and people are weird and flirty even if I say literally nothing. I don't rly blame her for being over cautious.
One of the best skins in the game for sure. However the price...
Not really. It's usually a micro correction since they die in one bullet if you aimed properly. Or if you tag them they can't move, so again no real tracking.
It's crazy because they originally were gonna release it for free, then they realized wait, we have so many e-daters and couples that play our game, let's charge them for it and we'll make hella money.
Because Riot is a a small indie company that shits it’s pants as soon as something that benefits the players are comes into the game, clowns
That’s good practice right there
Less toxic, no, less braindead, yes! They’re just ego fueled caffeine filled fraggers. My personal favorite example is eggster. He might not be caffeine filled but bros ego is HUGE
My rifling is sht compared to others at my rank so I'm playing exclusively reyna to take as many gunfights as possible :)
I really hope they don’t remove this. I’ve gotten into a couple games with a friend in the enemy team. I’ve invited them to a party just so we could shit talk eachother during the match. A lot of fun to fuck with your friends after you hit a nasty shot. Or tell them they got lucky after a clutch
Copy pasting what I said under Shiick’s Clove voice line video

Judging from Astra's new voice mail they're probably different, she specifically said "Immortality is not rare in radiants. It is unprecedented." (Unless I'm understanding it wrong, English isn't my first language, hope I'm not misunderstanding tho, otherwise I'm just talking nonsense)

I'm assuming Phoenix's power works in a way that he "could" avoid death if he's prepared (Using his Run it back before going in), and by avoiding he never actually dies in that process, he kinda just dematerializes when that happens and rematerializes at where he started it (And seemingly without the pain of that last damage), if he was caught off guard tho he'd actually die. (Like if Sage isn't there he'd die for good)

Reyna and Lucia on the other hand probably had to consume life energy to stay alive, and could increase their life span by doing so.

Clove though does acually just die everytime they...died, but doesn't go into the afterlife (If there's one), instead their soul goes into whatever that dimension is that's unique to them, and could choose to come back. (It would become harder to come back the longer they stay in there as mentioned in one of the official posts)

So I guess the key difference here is that
Phoenix can avoid lethal damage and doesn't actually die, but would still die to aging and lethal damage if not prepared, thus making him not actually immortal.
The Mondragón's "could" avoid aging, and would still die to lethal damages, thus making them not immortals.
Clove can't avoid aging or lethal damage, but could always choose to come back after death on her own, thus making them immortal.
Sage most likely can't revive herself lorewise and idk about Omen.

Sorry for being a nerd, my friends aren't interested in lore and I have nowhere to talk about these
There are just simply not enough maps in this game to take out more than maybe 1 from the comp pool at once.
grow up.  the year is 2023, stop living in 1956.
Me and my friends started playing Valorant a couple month ago and they have no idea that there are different maps, especially fracture where you enter from both side.
Reading this posts comments is making me realize why some people are hardstuck low elo. Its literally all just mindset and mentality.
This is important to know. Cause if it actually was the OP bullet that hit, even going through the wall wouldn’t decrease the damage that much
basically never. i feel like in lower elo its fine to repeek multiple times because the enemy is bad. (it also helps if you are playing reyna, or jett to get away). 

but in higher elos if you repeek an angle they will have somebody watching it, or somebody will push util to push u off. 

usually taking shots then hold an off angle or reposition works pretty well.
That was my point to them! They just didnt believe me idk why
I HECKING LOVE HAVEN


breeze is meh, Ive had a pretty ok experience on breeze( snipers rule the map)
Just imagine if Raze Ult was like Brimstone and you can get the rocket out without firing it, and if no one pushes just sheath it and doesn't waste the ult orbs. That's what he is talking about.
this would make so much sense omg, cypher is all about keeping his identity distorted, so i agree, we should not know his name
Thank you! The team did a great job with the finisher. And the gun buddy pairs with the finisher well too.
pistol round exclusive weapon
He still has vods from his silver days which he pulled up rather quickly on a stream once, but we're supposed to believe this same guy doesn't have ANY recorded evidence of his alt radiant account, yeah right
As a life long FPS gamer I’ll never bind jump to scroll. Space bar forever.
It's always really weird to see the stats on trackers cause she's the default smurf agent. She has little to no team play util but she is really fkn good if you're better than the enemy
Just watch him play Raze vs a radiant level Raze. The gap is obvious.
He got a buttplug buzzing for his lineups or what
I actually dug into this issue a bit. Valorant india community is skewed to having a lot of young adults / teens. 

While lower ranks are usually more toxic across the world this phenomenon is magnified in India due to how young the community is in general. 

Ascendent+ ranks are usually chill and even if you get a toxic teammate the other teammates usually take your side. In my experience the critical mass of toxicity becomes unbearable Gold and below. 

And may god help you if you decide to queue during weekday afternoons in those ranks. Its filled with 10-21 year olds skipping school/college and playing valorant.
Skill issues on their part clearly…
yeah themselves and a million other people
doesn't matter.
sheriff looks dope
Trust me you DONT want baptiste on any game.
1) true for defenders only. If the spike detonates it is by definition an attacker win. When attackers win a round they get a flat 3000 credits plus bonuses based on frags/spike plant. The losing defenders get 1900/2400/2900 depending on how many rounds theyve lost in a row, but only if they died. If a defender loses the round and survives they only get 1000. You have to weigh the value of your current loadout against the extra money you will gain by dying. On Pistol this is a very easy calculation, no gun is worth more than the 900 bonus credits you get by dying. So you should try to die, and dying to the spike is better than dying to enemies because they don't get their ult points for killing you.  
  
2) Round differential is one of the things that is calculated in RR loss. A 13-0 is way worse for you MMR (and thus RR) than a 13-7.  
  
3) Yes, planting gives an extra 300, win or lose. It tells you that in the bottom right corner at the start of the round.
I've stopped saying mean things to teammates, but i'll say them out loud to myself just to prevent any frustration from having any chance of building up during a game. Mainly it's just cathartic to say mean things, and if no one is being harmed, why not?

Anyway, a viper ulted in a 1v1 to defuse the bomb, and he gets it to half and keeps going, it's like 60% done and the enemy just comes walking up with a shorty, like.. EXTREMELY SLOWLY, and not just like "oh he's on your screen look!" he was dead center 0 degrees of movement needed in the screen, just spawned in the center of his crosshair for him like a gift from riot. He had SECONDS to react. And he just stood there and died to the shorty in his own ult, when the dude walked through like the terminator and probably had 1 hp. The bombs nowhere near going off either, so it wasn't like a "OH MY GOD ITS SO CLOSE CAN I SNEAK IT!!!" scenario.

So I said "SHOOT HIM YOU BLIND FUCKING BOT WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU WAITING FOR", and notice my mic is held down afterwards. To make it even worse, I panicked and said "just kidding!" to try to alleviate it, ahah.

I felt so bad.
Bro needs the woohoojin pill
what in the silver ( im gold 1 0rr)
Viper solo is hard to smoke for entry in site imo. Breeze is good for viper. Maps like haven we have three sites and on attack , it's hard to smoke like a traditional controller like omen or brimstone.
This isn't really the main reason. The post itself is pretty misleading, as only a few people among pros will hold these insanely tight angles. TenZ and aspas are pretty well known for that. 

But pros in general do hold tighter angles, but the reason for that is because most of the time they're not really playing for a kill. They're just holding it for info, and maybe get a kill. If they stand any further out, they're likely to get traded instantly.

Also, playing on LAN with like 2 ping definitely helps with reaction time lol
My friend deranked from bronze 1 to iron 1 💀.
I did not know it was even possible to drop in iron 😭
threestacks who dont comm
Every competitive game has toxicity unfortunately. From all the games I've played, Valorant is the least toxic in my experience but I'm aware it heavily depends on server and rank.

If you're new and just want to play the game with minimum toxicity I recommend to turn off all-chat completely (this is 99% just BM and people saying "gg ez" at the end of the game) and just muting any teammates who are being toxic. 

If you meet any cool people don't be afraid to add them as a friend! This game is much more fun and less stressful if you play with some friends, even a single person is already immensely helpful.
Capital city of Sweden
I know a round when the American chemist says “Welcome to my world”.
In rank it's going to be annoying. In pro play I don't think this doesn't nearly enough.
a 1on1 ult with a shield abilty is straight up cheating man.
HOW MUCH DID YOU HIT THEM FOR. WHERE WERE THEY LAST SEEN. THATS IT DONT TELL ME I HAVE RECON ARROW ON COOL DOWN I KNOW.
win = nice!

lose = nt
Because China probably
riot want ppl to grind rank to where their belong or their peak  
a lot of ppl stop playing once they hit their target  
instead of make you visible as plat  
you will have hidden mmr of plat and visible rank of gold instead  
so you have to grind back to where you deserved

hidden mmr will go up and down faster than visible rank  
this progress make you can rank up fast if you can dominated lobby  
it usually slowed down around 1 full rank below true rank

it just like some sense of progression that they want ppl feel
Take up a new, more constructive hobby like gambling! I think you would do really well! Just imagine how rich you would be if you gambled 6-10 hours a day
They are all literally world-class elite operatives, other than Gekko. Phoenix, Jett, and Yoru are immature, but based on the cinematics, they have the raw talent to compete with grizzled veterans (probably due to their Radiant powers). You can see this in Iso's trailer for Iso's skills. They literally defend the world, the only ones that can stop them are evil versions of themselves. All of them are Radiant. Even Gekko might be more skilled than he seems.
The bundle is still in the Featured store!
The good ol' classic Prime
You see, it's not a hitreg issue if you just say that guns have first-shot inaccuracy
League only has true solo for the top ranked players aka top 0.1% of the playerbase. Also in LoL this is more needed as a duoq botlane has a big advantage against a soloq botlane. This is not really the case in valo. Riot just need to do something against the boosting and smurfing problem.
In the us it’s like 70 dollars
Fnatic manager here , please delete this .
He spelled it correctly, I'm sure it was humor based lol
Nope it’s one tick which deals 999 damage
Down by 2 and their mental starts going down the drain in the first half
It's great on eco rounds at least. Have fun!
Also the little “explanation” of duellist on the game says the team expects the agent to get lots of frags so it’s no shock some people don’t understand
I didn’t know that, nor do I care. I only care if I like the new agent’s kit.
\*buys OP\*  
\*posts B main\*  
\*hits iso shield\*  
\*falls back\*  
\*becomes sad\* :(
I mean.. just play long enough and u aswell will someday ace haha
seems like a mix of sage and the other sentinels. You get barrier+slow with information with the q. 

then x with i wanna know more how it works cuz i just cant envision what it is doing.
This is a well-known problem; Reyna’s design is sort of inherently braindead, and it’s meant to be braindead because it’s meant for people who just want to focus on aiming. Even chamber needs a bit more thinking than Reyna.
Rather that the first syllable is Jon 🤓

And Omen seems to have lived different incarnations/personalities, so maybe it's only the name of one of them? The one during which he encountered Sabine
Aces are supposed to be EARNED. Not handed over on a silver platter.
If I use the wheel I'll always somehow scroll too far up or too far down, so I use it to only go between my primary and melee. To quickly and consistently switch to my secondary I use my mouse button 4.
Never been a fan of using keyboard to switch guns.
It's fairly easy from a coding point of view to code the system to catch keywords such as the r word, n word or other toxic/sexist/racist words.
No, lets get to gold today!!!
Valorant Anti Cheat 😂
Just quit your job
I used to instalock Reyna until I found a duo who did the same. They were better than me at aiming so I played sage with them and started playing sage in solo queue also. When I looked at my tracker every single stat was the highest on Reyna except (the only stat that matters) win rate, which was by far the highest on sage. Now I stick to sage because for some reason I win with her despite having worse stats
Only thing I really notice is that your crosshair is positioned too low most of the time
Icebox or breeze, remove those two maps and replace them with haven and pearl, maybe remove sunset or lotus for fracture
SEN won Madrid yesterday.

It's not a real quote, it's just a meme.

TenZ is Tyson.
The Night Market does exactly what it's supposed to do. It gets you started on buying okay-ish cheap skins that are slightly above battlepass skins so you have less of a mental barrier for buying the actual bundles with cool VFX and stuff, and you always havesome VP left over because the amounts in the NM are so weird.

The shop is not designed for you to enjoy buying. It's designed for you to buy as much as possible by easing you into amounts that seem utterly ridiculous when you first start playing the game.
Bring KJs ult down to 6.  Set my girl free!
I dropped 44 kills when I was hardstuck plat and my team voted to draw the game in OT.
Wait people in your lobbies are dodging everything but abyss and icebox? That's mostly dodged here LOL
My favorite is def the Protocal781a. Close seconds include Mystbloom, Prime, and Radiant Entertainment. Unpopular opinion, but I don't like Reaver that much.
The entire point of deadlock is that she **cannot** watch flank in any meaningful way. That's what makes her unique. Honestly her trips just need to cover a larger area and her grav net needs to take even longer to take out since crouched is such a weak debuff.
Yoru, because it’s fun to see your enemies suffer and completely bamboozled
animal abuser
She is Australian
5 Clove vs 5 Clove. So many smokes and second chances lol
TBH I don't think friendly fire really adds anything to the experience. We already have friendly fire on abilities, so having to think about where you place your abilities is already there. Friendly fire on guns feels like it would only exist as realism for the sake of realism, or funny fail compilations on YouTube.
Or something more common, an internet outage. My ISP sometimes (maybe 1 or 2 times a month) cuts the internet for routine services at night and if I re-queue Ill just put my team at a disadvantage since I can lose internet at any moment if my connection is unstable.
Why not rebind so movement is YGHJ instead of WASD
3 Flash skye was wild
I think he's embodies the "initiator" package the best, just like omen is the all rounder for smokes
Well you are level 17, I'm going to guess wildly that you're crosshair placement is off. I'm around level 90, and I still occasionally have to tell myself to correct my crosshair placement. Keep your crosshair near head level, and when you are pushing or holding an angle, have so space between the angle and your crosshair so you can see your opponent peeking and then you can microflick onto them.
This
People who say diamond is 'low elo' are trying to flex their ascendant / immortal rank thinking its some cool ass shit   
what u said is right , just compare ur rank to percentile lol
I’m not into f1? What’s going on in this image?
Well I hope she doesnt get spammed by everyone for this now
Gamers thinking they have any clue how games work
Out of curiosity, how much Radianite do you have after finishing every BP and you mention buying skins as well, did you ever struggle when it comes to Radianite?
I didn’t plan on using them anyway, although I do now have enough for the Kuronami No Yaiba skin 👀.
Any names starting with PRX while playing in APAC immo-radiant lobby 😃
guess whose match theyre going to throw. Yours
Damn bro has so much time to waste on his hands
If she is into you she'll let you beat her in the 1v1 way before that. Probably just her way of making it interesting.
Sometimes I get accused of stealing an ace if someone kills 3, and then they get the 4th and I get the 5th within 2 seconds of each other. In that case it isn’t acceptable

Other cases I can think of are:
1. The person with the 4k is low hp, and it’s only me+ them left alive.
2. Last alive is top frag (and it’s only me+them)
3. I get the last kill within 5-7 seconds of them getting their 4th.

And any combos of the above too
I miss all 3 of the maps that aren't in right now, breeze is my least favorite map, followed by bind. Icebox has grown on me (like a fungus) so I'm just hoping for a bind to fracture change. Fracture was my favorite before Sunset.
I pointed this out couple of times before yesterdays post dropped  and got downvoted to hell
No way this is what you thought they meant haha.
Yeah, obviously spawns aren't random, and there's a few spots where you can trap, but why would you ever do that?
Any ball smoke is better lotus, viper isn’t enough solo same sunset but breeze viper way better than harbor solo
Bro got yoru cloned by a jett 😨
Let me tell You something. You care too much about some pixels in a Video game. Play to improve and ignore your rank. Like literally ignore your rank, ignore rank up games, ignore demote games. Start playing to improve and have  this clear goal in your head. If you ever reached ASC, You are capable of hiting it again, The moment I stoped caring about ranks I got from plat to diamond and when I started playing to improve and vod reviewing I got to asc2 where I sit now. Start playing less and focus up in these games. Ask yourself why You died after every death. Don't blame anyone but you.
Yea this just looks like a visual bug. When Kayo gets downed during his ult he gets 850 HP, so it looks like it just added that HP to his regular HP in the spectator view (even though he wasn't downed).
URF but in Valorant 💀
I'll look into the gift cards option 👍🏻 thank you
The feedback here has been pretty resounding, so we wanted to get this change in as soon as possible. We just barely missed the date to get it into the dev diary, but didn't want to keep yall waiting until the 8.11 patch notes to drop. 

I want to say that we're still talking about map pools and the map experience overall to see if there are more changes we should make or not, so please keep letting us know what yall want to see - we are reading, listening, and talking about what we see from the community here.
EG threw that game 3 harder than Arsenal and Dortmund, iykyk
IG you are just getting panicked  like play game fast dodge from abilities and focus on aim more than using your own abilities to kill them
Purple cat sleeping. I dig it.

Ok, I'm the green cat sleeping then.
I cannot stand Sinatraa. Bro has 0 personality among other issues..
This is below iron….
I might get lot of downvotes but skins really give you aim-boost whether it be placebo effect or not
Do brimstone next
Fav: Sliggy 

Least Fav: idk i dont really interact with that much of the content creator side of the game, Westjett based on his tweets that show up on my TL i suppose
If you're looking to learn deadzoning I'd look at Woohoojin's road to gold video.  


Essentially deadzoning is firing a single bullet during a brief second of perfect accuracy when changing directions while strafing. Once players get better they'll start to throw these in during gunfights to throw off the opponent's aim and make yourself a harder target to hit.
That is the best default wall but your team needs to know how play around it properly and you need to be communicating well when its up/down. Proper initiator util combined with this wall is pretty crucial to making it work. Screaming at people is never beneficial though.
Amazing pit setup! Didn’t realize you could molly through walls like that
I think the problem is that it depends on the enemies picks. If theres no molly character on the enemy team then the ability is literally useless
Immortal in a 5 stack + bonus doesn't know what a ninja defuse is
What was your routine? Did you do like 30 mins of deathmatch or something else. And how often/at what times do you play?
Initiators. People love to focus on individuals in this game. You tend to have to compensate for solo plays with initiators. And you need to main them often so you know the trajectory. The amount of times the Skye bird kept getting stuck...

I love initiators. They can be, if not more impactful, in winning a round compared to duelists. If my aim sucks, at least I can still help my team.

People underutilize info and map control. The number of areas I can skip clearing because of 1 dart or flash makes my timing unpredictable and flexible.
They should put only pink/gold skins in night market as an apology. Or let us choose one skin for discount.
I have a question(I don't have a console), so if they use that account on PC, they get all agents unlocked there too?
I only play swift play. 

Unrated/Ranked are too long, plus I hated someone leaving or throwing or teammates arguing and the score is 4-2 and you are locked in for another 30 mins.

Swift play is perfect, it's quick, no one takes it too seriously, etc. etc.
I really don’t think it’s that deep tbh
Try to buy her the upcoming pack. Maybe she will like u.
Literally. Just the other day it got to half, 2-10 (we were losing) but being a duo cancelled out the FF attempt.

We ended up winning 13-11, dominating the next half. Have some faith people
Because it's open as fork. And that makes the positioning real hard.

Go to mid, and try to go anywhere, you'll feel observed xD
The life you give, do you know where its taken from?
I’ve said CT/T since beta and I can’t stop even if my life depended it on it
When you reach immortal you realize immortal players are still garbage
As a cypher main, this really made my day
And here I was hoping it might be easier for the casual gamer. Highly disappointed. Typical Riot.
Doesn’t address how he made money by claiming he hit radiant, still pushing the narrative that he doesn’t take money. Mentions a secret radiant account but conveniently doesn’t have proof, instead acts like he‘ll just take the unjustified L on that and let’s people generously call him immortal now. Says that this is a thing of the past but to this day used the radiant label to sell his service. Overall really just did the bare minimum for people who already want to believe him to eat it up.
Aspas without a shadow of a doubt
ohhhh i see. That makes a lot of sense. Thank you!
Because it’s not a rational behavior based on a moment to moment calculous. In stead women learn to make this their personality as a defense mechanism. When something is part of your personality you can’t “turn it off” without a lot of effort.
ask your friend why he wants you to eco. if he says its to "buy vandal 3rd/next round" dont listen to his advice ever again, or at least on this matter.
Why does everyone hate Sunset? I wouldn't say that I love it, but I also don't really have any negative feelings towards it.
Damn I thought GEN G was the better team for most of it, but SEN managed to claw through to Icebox where GEN G kind of fell apart
I've been waiting like 10 months for Prelude Vandal and no luck. The store having only 4 rotating options is lame but people will always say 'it's what makes the most money' even though I've spent no money waiting for it (besides the recent Kuronami Vandal which was a guarantee.
Yoru Rick Roll
People surprised about the map rotations they never have done without it leaking so I knew there wouldn’t be anything in here honestly pretty terrible update for end to the season imo
Go in the range and test out the agents, you're probably gonna find one that suits you. Skye, raze, omen or killjoy would be my choices. Have fun and good luck!
wtf is ℅  
cause thats not a percent sign
i also paid zero attention to my health which is why i didn't overheal lmaoo
The song it self is pretty good but my first thought was which part of this is gonna be the champs finisher theme
Nope
I see ranks dont mean anything on consle now 😭
Brim’s voice lines are my favorite I almost considered learning him just to hear them more:


“Okay kids, we’ve got company. Pretend you all get along.” 


“Killjoy, control your bots. That turret keeps looking at me funny.”


“Get off my lawn!” (Ace)


And my ABSOLUTE favorite:


“Damn right we crushed it. Ugh… Even as I was saying it… When Jett says it… You know what, forget it.”
Enemy on ECO, Brim smokes entrance, there is 99% chance brim is in the smoke with a shorty. Same goes for Omen. 

Basically anytime you see a smoke there is a good chance someones in the smoke just waiting for your head.
Counterpoint, he lives in your walls rent free
Aspas no question.  He's the only one among the "cracked" players to CONSISTENTLY  do it every event and on different teams
mans was blinded for a second n came back to an ace
RawAccel is confirmed to be allowed and contains angle snapping so you’re good
CS gives you full loss reward. Valo gives flat 1k
Man... Dont be so dense, is not an aesthetic thing.
Omen is an aggressive controller, Clove is a duelist with smokes. Omen does not RELY on getting kills or front lining to use his kit, he can paranoia for team rather than himself and use TP as an escape  However Clove's C and X need them to be aggressive to get any value.   


So I wouldn't say it's fair to compare them, but if you were Clove would be more aggressive because half their kit is locked behind that play style.
Low ELO is a clown fiesta and you can't reliably find a team that will play the game in a reasonable way. Communication, rotation, ability use (for the team) are all out the window. But there are some fundamentals that you can train and use in low elo: crosshair placement, aim, and movement. Y'know who's great to learn that on? Reyna. 

Good mechanics are important for learning strategy because you need some level of mechanical skill to capitalize on tactical advantages. 

Meanwhile, low elo players on champions with cheese options (Cypher, KJ, Yoru, etc) will often end up using abilities as a crutch for underdeveloped mechanics and get further behind.
And i quote Clove, discussing with Fade:

"Well it all started when I was born and- You know what? I'll tell ya later."

It's like moving your body parts- you don't know how, you just do it
Feast on their tears and tell them “skill issue”. Some people are brainless and think that not holding W into the enemy = sweat. I love to lurk in Swiftplay especially as it tilts folks like these
It is no different than using the marshal except you have a higher chance of converting kills mid - late rounds due to a player likely being under 140hp at that point. I do agree that it is basically just a guardian with higher dps but lower ammo
Sad, that would finally be a nice bug
The closest I’ll get to an arcane sherif so I’ll take it:)
Swapping to pistol instead of giving up and trying to reload was solid though 👌 I'm pretty low elo and I see people who totally forget they have a sidearm just sit there and reload. It's tough. Nice ace, friend!
B site is probably the worst designed site in all of Valorant. No room to play postplant, almost impossible to plant without getting spammed or util dumped, and there’s no room to push up so you’re forced to flood main or play yellow and get util dumped again. 

Mid is pretty much non existent on this map. There’s usually no opportunities to split so mid is only used for lurks but it’s kinda pointless since there’s usually a kj turret watching it. 

A site isn’t horrible but it can be difficult to hold if the enemies know what they’re doing so it turns into a retake simulator. Since A is so much easier to take than B, usually it’s just whichever team can defend A the best that wins. 

Overall, pretty shitty map lol. That’s just been my experience so far tho
Spoken like a true silver
Better yet, remake needs to be available as soon as a disconnect is detected. The fact that someone DCs during the first round and we can’t remake because their body spawns round 2 is ridiculous.
You can swear on everything but your combat report says otherwise.

Which means you didn't.
I hate AverageJonas unironically he just weirdly feels arrogant to me
As someone who started playing valorant 2 days ago, 

Ngl I thought they would mention sage or killjoy tbh
We don't have an all in one player, but Aspas, Demon1 and Tenz are the players who usually stand out among all others.

But none of them are close to what Faker is in League, maybe the game is too young or the style is too hard to stand out.
A well placed shot is better than a rushed shot majority of the time if you're playing how you should
I mean riot is good catering to female demographics, they do have the most popular moba for woman too in my opinion. We will probably have a kpop skins in the future.
Barely reacted? He didn't react at all haha
Villain origin story for the new smurf accounts
Wait, you can go through the walls?!
It's cove not clove. I was surprised why this guy wanna throw a teammate at a trip
It's most probably going to be the missing agent 8. All the previous agents have been new recruits and I doubt that they recruited agent 26 and then put them in a capsule.
I also think gold, it’s the gun buddy gives it away.
Sova because I played Hanzo in ow lol
I dislike most of them for being loud and obnoxious and obviously targeting an audience much younger than me, but the one that I hate most is Grimm. Just super obnoxious and seems really unsportsmanlike - sure, his gameplay is interesting, and I could learn from him, but I find his content insufferable.

I do love various pro players and woohoojin though.
Pros have good enough aim that shooting a sliding neon isn’t that hard, so it’s likely to have a moderate impact in pro play. But in ranked, nobody can shoot a moving target and she’s going to be insane with the new slide. 
With yoru, combo ulting with most agents is really effective.

Yoru + Sova, when yoru spots and enemy, have sova ult them. When they pull out their knife to run, try to flash and unult for a kill. 

Yoru + Fade, Fade ult deafens enemies, aswell as her seize and prowler, 
This makes it easy for Yoru to tp behind enemies and or unult behind them since they won't hear the sound. 

Yoru + Gekko, you can combo ults, yoru can body block people in ult or unult on the enemy as they run (if they do) from gekko ult.

Yoru + Breach, this is one of my favorites.
You can yoru ult and have breach stun the enemy using the minimap for an easy kill.
You can also breach ult and yoru tp on the enemies or ult aswell.

Yoru can body block in ult. Not sure how many people know that, but it can be super useful when there is a Jett peeking out with dash primed. You can literally make her stay peeking out for your team to kill her.
the 2013 cod lobbies are spreading
lmfao bro should be hired as the lore director
F0rsaken also only uses the top left of his mousepad, not even the middle. Not sure why. Maybe he can x4 the useful life by rotating the mousepad?!
I assume you already know, but...

To avoid screwing with software checking to see if it was running on an OS called something starting with "Windows 9" then assuming it was Windows 95 or Windows 98.
If you combine her with other sentinels, you’re straight up losing on team comp. Double sentineling a single site on defense with KJ-Deadlock makes absolutely zero sense when you could go KJ-Cypher and lock down both sites. Not to mention that double sentinel is generally pretty bad, and going KJ-deadlock means you’re giving up a controller or a duelist, which means your attack side is screwed, because she’s also terrible on attack. 

She’s bad as a sentinel. Picking her instead of another sentinel means you are choosing a worse option. If you need a second sentinel to make her a viable sentinel, it means she’s a bad sentinel, because there are other sentinel who don’t need help.
Try solo queuing and learning how to use util and shoot properly, chances are that irons run and fun every time
Devious work by that Astra player
Skye 

There’s a voice line with Yoru and Skye that’s like:

Yoru: “hey flower girl, I found some leaves do you want em?”

Skye: “no but call me flower girl again and I’ll break your nose”
This hasn’t happened to me since iron. But I don’t think players should ask for a role fill ever. If you want that role to be filled, play the damn role yourself.
Testicles #balls
It's like a decay......ik
Will the wild west version (without the futuristic stuff) also have the inspect animation, the music and the finisher?
no that creates a bunch of competitively questionable scenarios
When are we going to see Skye and phoenix flashing their teammates
Like some dude said in another post at the very least make it customizable
Could it be that OP also developed feelings for him lmao
ive yet to run out of bullets, i was never one to spam much so it doesn't affect me really

i think his guides are helpful, but his vod reviews he always came off as arrogant to me and i cannot stand it..
Bro your entry pathing is messed up
You’re literally better than like most of the players who play tf 😂. You’re in the top 10% lmao they’re just haters. Good job man! Proud of you!
Actual bottom frag
The crates contain radianite?
"There was a guy at (6,9)"
That's a bug! Sounds like it's accidentally using the firing SFX from Imperium.
Like overwatch
The Lock In knife has it. It was limited during the tournament in Febuary
Bc the sheriff looked cool and it would a shame not to use it lol
They added the best one yet tho. “Nice try” is funny af
Or a flashy Kay-o they seem to be the biggest problems in my games
Brace yourself: space bar
As you should
You were not ddosed, or rather, the chance of you being ddosed is under 0.01%. 

There is literally no player to player connection at all in valorant, making it impossible to even attempt to obtain a players IP. It is much more likely to be a shitty server issue, and if yall are from the same area it makes even more sense. 

The only possible way your entire team could've been "ddosed" was a person on the enemy team who happened to know all 5 of you, and was able to obtain all 5 of your IPs, then conveniently match you, and ingame and take 20 rounds (while winning btw) to ddos you. (I hope you can see how unbelievably unlikely that sounds).
Same. I hate it with all my heart. I thought i missed some settings but the important ones like stay quiet, Going A/B/C, etc are gone.
QA team was probably busy focusing on actually critical bugs that were tracked. Cause when a bug is found, QA often needs to repo it, then it's sent to whoever to fix it, and once they've fixed it, it goes back to QA to confirm fixed. That's a length process. I'm a part of a team of about ~30 people in total, and our QA team is going over 50+ bugs a day. Riot QA probably sees triple that. 🤷‍♂️
omg i was the other raze in this game, brim cypher and i were all queued together this is amazing
Game sense is a lot of things combined. Few notable things that I think are important:

* Timing: To know how far could your opponent venture in a specific amount of time. For example if X seconds have passed then you can also start to expect a late lurk from behind.
* Abilities: To know which abilities are in play, how to play considering those threats and when will they can come off cooldown.
* Positioning: To know where you are standing at any given moment so you don't expose yourself and/or are in a favourable position if it comes to post plant crossfires / trades. Could also be a thing for your opponent, knowing where they can and can not be considering their last actions or general playstyle. Related to timing as well.

TL;DR: General understanding of the game so you know what can happen to you.
This was lotus right? LEV v SEN honestly went crazy. Didn’t expect this result with the run SEN has had this year with tenz back in form and johnqt leading the team the way he has. But aspas showed up BIG FUCKING TIME
For sure, I hope this will get fixed when Icebox is back in rotation in probably a week or so.
You are totally right! It's not written in the game like a lit of other interactions.
Just thought someone might find it helpful like my friend, who just started playing the game!
Looks like omen is protecting/shielding him in the final image of the article too
Exactly. And imo I think this is probably the best thing he could do now. And he can even temporarily cease vod reviewing and dedicate his time to climb and prove himself and I'm sure a lot of people wouldn't mind.
 kj is gonna have ptsd about that corner
Without full screen, you can see the small annoying icons (➖ 🔲 ✖️)
The older it is, the rarer it becomes such as the Prime Player card, Elderflame card, etc. I'd say the limited edition cards most likely get purchased more than regular bundles as you're more likely to skip on a bundle that the limited edition champs or other things.
Someone’s on a winstreak
This is why I don’t say I play valorant in public
On a related note, I did briefly skim patch notes for characters I played the most. I am depressed to see that Killjoy got nerfed THREE more times. She’s my main and all they ever do is nerf her…
Blubb blubb vandal or reaver
> We’ve seen it become common for Cyphers’ to hide Spycams (E) in the playspace and continually watch enemies without them knowing

It’s literally called “SPYCAM”
You might not notice it, but you might be baiting teammates to play lineups or always doing lineups everyone round, try to mix it up, don't go for lineups every round, or else you become predictable
As a sentinel main - Cypher and Kayo. Being spotted is bad and I love it when my perfect setup to be able to solohold a site goes kaput and I get flashed and 1-tapped.
Thats just lame...
Feels more special when gifting the item itself instead of giving the money and being like “go buy this skin”
Any form of entertainment is only destructive and “wasteful” if you don’t engage it sustainably and as a balanced part of your life. This could be tv, recreational drugs, watching streams, etc.

Accept that you decided to spend some time in your long journey alive doing something you enjoy: competing and approaching your potential. You’re at a point in your life where you want to change your priorities and enrich yourself in other areas.

Just like your discipline training your aim, create structure in new areas you want to cultivate and hold yourself to them. If you think you’re too late to start focusing in other areas, you’re simply just young.

The skills you’ve gained climbing such as critical thinking, discipline, adaptation, mindfulness, social awareness, ability to stay calm in stressful situations, perseverance, leadership, and many more will be useful later in life if you decide to champion it. A weeb anime addict may be able to leverage a new language and travel to a Japan in a way you never could appreciate. A chronically online twitch nerd learned social marketing and maybe found some friends.

Embrace your life choices and make adjustments to them that are conducive to your immediate and future happiness.
Last time I played an FPS with a controller I was probably 18, I'm 26 now. I am the noob on a controller now hahahahah
Pearl seems to have been liked by many players. Fracture has a lot more haters, at least that's my impression..
Bye-bye my main winrate maps.
She has been out of the meta for quite some time. After the 4 star nerf, her pick rate went down but still on a reasonable number.

What nailed her coffin in my opinion is when they nerfed her succ (which is not that big of a change, still strong). People played her for her global smoke opportunity, but her succ was super strong on post plant and Riot took that from her, leaving her quite underwhelming in casual or competitive play.

Also, Clove happened.
i’m a massive overwatch fan as well, but i’ve always said the same as you. it doesn’t feel like a natural shooter on console. it’s very much its own thing, the aiming is weird - we’ve just gotten so used to it after hundreds of hours lol

the aiming in this game is fucking buttery smooth on ps5. riot wanted to make sure they got the feel perfect, and they have. they absolutely nailed this port and lots of people thought it wouldn’t really be possible. i was one of them. didn’t think games like counterstrike would work. 

gonna be playing a lot of this
Virginity 3 I think
Because in CS counter strafing actually matters a lot. In Valorant, not so much.  You can simply let go of the opposite key in Valo and shoot accurately because you almost immediately stop. In CS after you let go of a key your character doesn’t stop and pressing the other key makes it faster.
I only read the title but yes
Battle pass gives extra  xp, so does gamepass 👍🏽
I downvoted just to show how much I disliked this.  Went to your page and downvoted 100 more times as well.
Japan 1 China 0
[deleted]
he never darted so I couldnt tell it was there, had to be chilling in cam for a minute. mustve been pinging for his teammates.
fnatic manager here, plz remove thx
Ah nope sorry. All those people are on my team actually.
Rito is a small indie company don't hurt them 🥺
I may be guilty of this if someone comms and I think they’re a woman I ask but only coz I’m a woman, but have been told I sound like a 12 year old boy so have to clarify afterwards
The VCT Masters and champions winner titles, you can only get them if you win one of these tournaments, which means that you were the best team in the world
It used to heal everyone the same amount but Riot nerfed it. The nerf was supposed to encourage a more selfless play style.
No. Jawgemo played deadlock on icebox in kickoff
Harbor uses an ancient artifact to control water.
We don’t actually know whether Gekko is radiant or human.
Is there a possibility it somehow might’ve hit the wall then he took the splash damage?
I can see a case for 4 deaths

1) clove dies in the beginning of the round

2) sage revives instantly

3)if we are on fracture, sage collects all 4 orbs and then maybe gets 4kills+ plant or an 5 kills including a resurrected opponent/enemy sage

4) clove dies again

5) self revive and then dies again

Did i overcook or nah
FUCK IM SO SORRY THEIR **
> a system like Dota’s overwatch

How is that going to work in a game without a replay system?

;D
That’s not a good argument. The winners should have a strong advantage in r2. Not a handout.
He plays on windowed because he usually on stream he plays on windowed only he says that while playing on windowed it's faster to alt tab to other tabs
I main and play only brimmy cus big fatty
If you have to run over the whole map while your teammates run away from the enemy just to get your ace it's fake anyways and certainly doesn't enhance any clip. One of the most stupid things in the game to be honest.
From what I understand, in the case of someone throwing when their team is doing something frustrating, it's about taking a sense of 'control' over their frustration or lack of skill. "It's okay that we're losing - it's because I'M MAKING it happen. If I was \*really\* trying, we wouldn't be losing."

It's an incredibly childish coping mechanism and anyone who does it is usually either dogshit and seeks no method of actually improving or really really really down bad and in that case, bro take a break from the game, it's clearly harming your mental health
And guardian
Sure, you know that and I know that. I suppose this post is more directed at those who are saying the time/effort to unlock a new agent will be the same as it was with the old system.
PRX Mindfreak, bro is cold 🥶
There’s a lan center at a mall I went to today and everyone in there was playing valorant.
Guys its PEEK not PEAK. 

PEAK is a totally different word/definition.
Thank you for the TLDR.
Riot >>> Respawn
My Bucky: hit for 40 despite hitting two point blank left clicks
Custom GPX2 by Nachocustomz, Cerapad KIN, some shitty alienware monitor, Kitchen chair, wat, no socks we go raw
Pls don’t say that, it’s inconsistent enough
Throws off cross hair coz high elo people be holding off angles at head level so you dont get tapped insta
It's delightful until you run into Val vets playing on console who have the jump lol
Reaver Karambit
I think the thing you’re missing is his coaching style changes dependent on the Elo of who he is reviewing, he can be very harsh on immortal/asc players because he has to for the message to get across to them, plus he expects better of them. 

When he does his low Elo coaching he is much more lenient.
ty bro, just found i selected sage somehow
Have to agree with you.. feels like all these posts are just clips from people. Sometimes I wish they weren’t allowed or there was a different subreddit for them
Balls
Nah fr, I just flex my skins that I bought with my adult money that I don't have to beg my parents for lmao
Yoru has a MASSIVE crush on Skye
buy a kid and make them play while you backseat them
um idk i feel like with mouse sensors its easy to focus on other things but with a analog stick you are always focused on it
First of all I enjoyed reading this in-depth self analysis.  One thing you pointed out multiple times is your fear of ranked and being a burden to your team. You could never know how good you are if you don’t try. Looking at your aim labs you definitely put in work and made improvement. However this game isn’t clicking dots in a semi-predictable fashion. More people who are low elo have to realize just aim trading or just playing unrated does not help you really climb. The atmosphere in a comp game is completely different from unrated. With more at stake you actually have a reason to limit mistakes. Toxic teammates and bad games have been in gaming is the dawn of time, but people in Valorant act like it’s a new problem.

You have to just hop in a ranked game BY YOURSELF, and put yourself in a situation to fail. Stop worrying if someone gets toxic to you in your game. They are in the same rank you are in. 

You put in this effort to prepare yourself to climb, but you don’t queue up for some reason. How are you going to climb to the top of Mount Everest if you stay in the car? So next you play, warm up, switch the tab to competitive, then press start. Keep practicing and time will tell.
Wtf did I just watch
I like playing him in TDM but not in comp 😔
if you think westjett is serious in his videos, youve already lost.
Guy has the absolute personality of a brick and 0 charisma even if you ignore his SA accusations
Kj is not that scary, mostly because I know how i can avoid it. The scariest ones are raze, gekko and neon for me.
I picked Neon when I used my first Free-Agent-Unlock thingy. You want to know why?

**She’s Filipino. Just like me. 😤**
Love the fact that you’re willing to push. As you play more, you’ll understand the timings and get much better. 
Keep pushing!
You are correct 😂😂, it’s copper 2😂
i wish i had a replay system to read this comment again!11!111!

(i badly want a replay system too, but seriously none of the comments are ever remotely related to the post)
https://x.com/riotbrightmoon/status/1743311702652014778?s=46 
According to the Exec. Producer at LOL, Vanguard won’t be compatible with Macs. Instead, they’re taking a new approach (hasn’t been shown to my understanding).
First of all your deathmatch mechanics is bad.

Secondly. You're stressed and shoot the gun when you see the enemy, not when your croshair is on them. It's because you care too much about your rank. Stop playing to rank up and start playing to become better.
When I see pros play on streams or through any other platform at that, the most prevalent thing to me is how calm they are… it’s almost scary sometimes.

This happens to me pretty much every time I get on, and it always comes down to how calm I am. You should maybe try not rushing your shots, or like everyone else is saying, just slow down
Average overwatch match
I used to only play swiftplay and unrated , but now am comp only 85% of the time

My main reason is because I know what to expect every game. It’s pretty fluid, better teammates. 

Too much variance of opponents and stuff in unranked for me
The hitbox of every character is the size of Brimstone , if you aim for the hair it will hit because Brim is big and they want everyone with the same hitbox so they got the biggest one 

Those shot missed by the 1st shot inaccuracy , because Riot can't make a game without RNG on it
What if a Molly wasn’t on the floor it acted as a light heal for teammates? I could see that working
Makes sense with the Irish theory someone had. Clove like Clover.
bc they’re chads
maybe stop playing with glaceon who avg 80adr this season and 90adr last season.  

You have a 66%wr in solo(50 games), but a 18% with glaceon(23 games), and 24% duo overall.  

You also have a bottom 40% KAST% in mostly support roles outside of raze.
it also won’t search forever to find a good match up. if there’s no other 5-stack closer in elo it’ll just throw one team to the wolves
* [Jett's ult used to reset when you get a kill with the right-click attack.](https://youtu.be/kI9kjMIIOX0?t=20)  

* On Ascent, Omen could TP into B site from B Main by teleporting through the window. You could get up there by putting a Sage wall on the crate with the ultimate orb.  

* Teleporting from one site to another with Chamber.  

* Reyna's 4 soul orbs.
Nah I feel if Breach had recon he would be OP. The job of the initiator is to make the site take (or defense) easier for duelists and the team in general and clearing angles. Most initiators do this by providing info. Breach does this by turning anyone hiding in an angle into an easy kill with long range CC

The only other large group of info gatherers are sentinels, but that makes sense since gathering defensive info without having to hold angles is their job (besides Sage)
The game knew it was over for you from the moment you got iso ulted so just wanted get your character ready for next round, but i guess reyna had over plans
I don’t get why this isn’t a feature honestly…considered how we can’t even resell it. I know we can reverse the transaction but it has to be completely unused. I remember reading even taken it in the range count as “using it”.
okish ping (around 40-55) but still teleport around cus packet lost : (
This post is just further justifying the POV that Valorant is not a game about "fundamentals" and winning is mostly dictated by ability usage and raw aim
Which util can be shot:


Raze boombot and satchels 

Killjoy turret, alarmbot, mollies before Detonation, ult

Cypher trips and cam

Sova drone and recon dart 

Sage wall

Reyna blind

Skye dog and ult

Yoru clone and tp

Kayo knife 

Chamber bot and tp

Fade eye and prowlers 

Harbor the dome smoke

Gekko flash, wingman and ult

Deadlock wall and the stun trap

Iso you can destroy the orbs after he killed someone , although in this Position you should rather shoot Iso than the orb (except he has vision on the orb and not on you)
id been playing for two weeks, got back from the kitchen after getting a water, realise the round's already started, last player standing, i run down fracture a site, ace
(was iron 3 at the time)
literally omen with any nice ult, cuz the only bad thing about omen is the ultimate.
Odin
I pray to god this agent is actually playable and doesn't disappear after a week like Iso because it's too weak.
One very important thing about audio is to enable HRTF in the settings. Or use a 3rd party spatial sound, but HRTF already does a great job. It will improve the sound positioning a lot, both on good and bad headphones
Because you are predicting the slide 👍
I’m faceit level 10 2100 elo, immortal3 in valo. Counter strafing in this game is very different, you can press A or D and shoot immediately after stopping without having to press the opposite key, because your player immediately stops when you let go of moving key. While CS feels like on ice skates and you move a bit further when letting go of key without pressing opposite key to counter strafe.
Even if they remove this, just use discord
Other commenters have never seen a grim video before lol
People on the internet love to hate. Honestly I think people expect too much from the battlepass. I think the player cards are weaker this time around but I think the skins are cool for what they are. Bumblebee skins are cool since they're animated and I think the knife is cool too since it glows.
They went waaaaay over the top.

0.2 secs after sliding to get gun up, no accuracy penalty, 2 charges, stun activates faster.. god have mercy on my low sens..
I was thinking no way you get icebox in there, well done
What the \* is that
_THAT’S THE SPIKE!_

LEV vs XSET VCT on Haven
I promise you, they’re always been this hateful
or if its low elo, people don’t know what a remake is so they decline it
how the fuck is kayo molly and shock dart in the same tier as deadlock sensors
Improve her trip. They are worthless
Last alive on initiator with full util? That's on you. You shouldn't be in clutch situations like that. Use your ult for your teammates.
This is honestly the way, Riot won't even let him go pro for another 9 years anyways
It's weird because this isn't even true in league.

There are only a handful of support characters that are true "healers", and most provide support through other means.

I think it's almost entirely an Overwatch hangover, as healing in that game is crucial.
yes
iso ult mode
Bro is playing 4D chess in the comments.
1. you can pretty much divide it into 3 parts.

iron-silver low elo

gold-diamond mid elo

ascendant-radiant high elo

there's some nuance in the extremes and bordering ranks, but it's roughly accurate



2. play whatever you want, but don't be scared of playing a character you want to play just because you think you're not good enough. lots of cs go players fall into the pitfall of kayo, sure he's a cool agent but don't let his cs like kit keep you from giving other agents an earnest try.



3. Bro unranked is a dice roll in elo pretty much as is, but on a new acc it's even worse. Don't go thinking they know how to play the game. Pick a 1000RR pro you like and study their VODs, try to implement it and then review your own VODs if you wanna get good
funny thing is folks will tell you to get good, you wont get good getting smacked 13-0 for 10 games in a row. Its unreal and fucking dumb. alot of folks that tried the game get place into bronze or iron try to learn the game, but cant win a game due to smurfs or fucking losers afking/dc. Its all good to tell everyone to get good when only folks you play are ones who cant stay at the top of their game have to degrade them self to into lower ranks to feel good.
Always funny how comfortable stupid fucking nerds are when they know they are anonymous and can't get punched themselves.
you cant make this up LMAO
this is why i stick to any of the non-comp game modes! it’s not worth risking my fun in this game + the added bonus of sexism and r*pe threats i get for being a woman with a mic :P
There’s many times where i get iso ulted, win the duel, die because someone is camping my body. Nothing you can do about it
Thats not the point, the point is, is that the “Let’s rotate” call-out was a perfectly good AND necessary call-out that should have stayed in the games radio commands.
try something like crossover, its a free open source software to set crosshairs (not valorant specific)
With such a low polling rate larger swipes are going to be more inconsistent; the odds are good that your game is updating more frequently than your mouse. 

Usually I don't blame gear, but you're going to NEED a better mouse for this game.

IIRC G203's can be had for like 15 bucks, I had one of those and hit Imm 3. So, the mouse itself will be fine all the way to Radiant.
At my peak I was playing anywhere from 6-12+ hrs a day, peaked Radiant. Right now I sit at Immortal 1 and play whenever I don't have homework or an exam soon, so basically once a week for a few hours. Common issue with Iron players that I find in this subreddit is having a false reality of why they're iron. It's your first FPS so chances are, your mechanics are shaky. FPS games take a while to adjust to so just give it some time and keep playing. Good luck
Crazy amounts of Islamophobia, castism and sexism. Full of condescending trash talking teammates and sabotaging. 

Best way to play is find a duo that's a respectable human being and just mute everyone else since they don't even give helpful comms.
Revolver
Why is kayo so powerful? Is it just cus he defeated Reyna?
Why can't I get free op skins 😭🙏
We turned off certain levels for certain skins due to the competitive integrity issue (accidental wallhacks): https://twitter.com/VALORANT/status/1786098435017564296
low elo yapping about how they need a perfect team comp to win might be the most anoying shit ever
I'm the only one with PS5. I'm lucky, I will have 4 codes to give out. Stay tuned
Picture taken during earthquake. Try screenshots
LOL This guy's bronze! I'm so much better than him! LOL I can't believe people are BRONZE! LMAOOOO
aces are earned 'round these parts
Not really. The turret has 100hp, can be smoked off, can be flashed and only does 8dmg max per shot. After one burst, it should be dead. 
The reyna takes like 300 dmg and is still alive, whilst clicking your head.
This guy does not like lockdown
Depends if you want to train or if you want to win. If you want to be better at something, you have to do it often. Maybe the team mates feeling is, that not the tactic ia off, but the execution.

If he/she values getting this right, he/she will repeat the process.

At other times they are just tilted.
Don't try to sugarcoat things. If you think you've got good reads, then just give your comms. If your teammates don't follow the call then that's on them. Just keep doing it anyway. Someone flames you for a call, just mute them and keep doing your thing. A team working together on a bad call is still usually better than a team where everyone is doing their own thing.
One of my favourites is "Do I have to attach legs to the spike now?" It rarely happens but when she says it I crack up
Tell that to Thanasis bro he got boosted and is getting his bag
It’s very easy to play against cypher, just find where he plays and go to the other site.
This act in particular seems to be ripe with throwers and toxic players. I don’t haven’t played in gold so I don’t know exactly how bad it is there, but its pretty bad in diamond/ascendant too. Lots of throwers
you heard him
i struggle holding an angle when i play val and switch to cs. cs swing is like a ferrari compared to val’s VW beetle
This wasn't luck, you had good trigger discipline and reaped the rewards!  


(Brim kill was a little lucky but we all need that sometimes)
if that happens in bronze you can just aim for their neck and let the spray pattern do the rest
This account is a wild ride... All the way radiant and deranked by surrendering on the 5th round back to gold....
I mean you did fine with it. I wonder if it would've worked out better if you popped knives the moment you got them
Valorant is like passive aggressive toxic, while cs is just straight up aggressive or racist. 

I’ve came across so many people that DC or throw in valorant but rarely in cs, however valorant doesn’t have a cheating problem that ruins any ambition for me to climb to higher elo in cs
I would stop using "gifted", these players put in thousands of hours to get their mechanics to that point. Gifted kinda feels like they got lucky lol
Nice play! I noticed in this clip your crosshair placement seems to be constantly below head height. Keep it up some more and you’ll start tapping heads more often!
I hate that someone instalocks jett, an entry duelist, that sits back while everyone else has to entry before they do. They drop the spik instantly if anyone gave it to them, with an excuse pf being the duelist. 

Of course i dont mind an instalock reyna or any other duelist if they can play them as intended.  But i had way too many entry duelists not entrying, frag duelists having excuses for not getting kills or doing anything of value…
Bro is CRACKED now
The MOST important thing? Definitely firing sound. That strongly determines how good I perform with a weapon. 

Secondary thing, the shape. It's odd but if the shape of the barrel of the weapon is wider than the average (like the new flower one) it feels inaccurate to me and I perform worse. 

This is especially visible in sheriffs where the narrower the barrel, the more accurate I am. Case in point being new frontier old timey (unupgraded) skin vs something like the valorant x league of legends show sheriff skin that dropped. I'm just crazy inaccurate with the LoL version
It's funny to see how differently Americans and British use that specific word lol. Keep ratting, modern man.
Yoru to set up a tp home and just be back whenever I want (if no timer ofc)
1 person doing something dumb is stupid, 5 people doing something dumb is a plan.
I mean, thats the fastest that could realistically happen,  but technichally 5 people could line their heads at a wallbang like the one on haven window
Yea, that shit genuinely pissed me off. Theres no big streamer/CC in this game with any sense of competitive integrity
Which there are a lot of. Most likely why the replay software is slow to come to fruition. People would lose their mind seeing bugs in a replay where they could gain some copium or want exact footage.
Damn....you didn't have to hurt em like that
when the reyna starts talking shit bc they have the most kills, even when most of those kills didnt help us win at all

when u buy someone the previous round, so you cant buy this round. and then they dont pay u back
I read, “insane update” and didn’t want spoilers. Holy crap! New visual effects!!!
Maybe to play with their lower-ranked friends. And it could be for the enjoyment of dominating players with lower ranks than themselves.  


Some smurf players may simply want to avoid a challenging game. Imagine you're a Silver player, and due to matchmaking, you end up facing Platinum opponents because your friend is in the Platinum rank. You know what will happen next.
I want to report a crime.
Thank you . We are on the enemy team. ☠️
I mean you have to buy more VP than needed for every skin, regardless of Night market or not
That's a perfect usage of breach if I've ever seen one. Good job bro :)
I hate breeze but I actually am okay with abyss as of now
shots 1-2: Clearly missed.   
shots 3-4: Hit due to recoil (good spray control).   
shots 5-6: Likely didn't actually fire because OP didn't smoke for his team
They made Val into apex legend 💀.
Iso see what you did there
That account was hella boosted lmfao it's peak was Diamond 1 in Episode 5 Act 2 and it's in fkin Silver 1 playing with bronze players. Just a dog shit player having an ego because they're playing on a boosted account.
Avoid them, I guess? Best to focus on improving your gun play and movement to deal with them though.
Oh my god the upgraded version looks so good 😭 too bad it’s exclusive to China release huhu
I deadass wrote about how i enjoyed teaching friends about strats and stuff on valorant bc my life is unintresting outside of playing video games and i somehow got into a school that i was not expecting to get into. (They are known for their esports division funnily enough, though im not good enough to join the school team)
My wife plays Overwatch, and one day there was another girl in her match. They added each other, and played together a few times. I complained to my wife about not having anyone to play Valorant with, and she told me to play Valorant with her friend (the girl she met) because she also plays Val. We climbed from bronze to platinum together. That’s how I met my duo and stole a friend from my spouse 😂
y didn’t OP get DDoS’d? or is there not much of an explanation

were the enemies like “nah leave one of them alive”
it’s a jump peak. people like to swing their knife for flair when they jump peak and it just happened to be a lucky hit with it
Ignore me flanking you with my shorty
what a friend. instead of simply explaining it to you he decides to mock you for it
The Gaia concept art was submitted with the idea that they would add it to the game, which they did. I don't think there's any issue there.

The only two things that seem ripped off are the magepunk phantom and the cartridge magazine. Everything else is a pre-existing pattern being put onto another weapon like the Oni Vandal and Reaver Phantom. Thyros doesn't seem to be online at all anymore, he never tweeted about Valorant ripping off his skins, and there's the possibility that he was reached out to by Riot to use his skins or hire him.
Wait till bro learns he can press G to drop it and look at its skin name on the ground! Or he could've seen it before he first picked it up! LOL

Jokes aside, this vandal is part of the Origin collection.
It is better to know this twice than not at all
“the one that cums on the enemies faces” is the most accurate description of dizzy i have ever heard
Everybody is going to say you should let the guy down easy as soon as possible, but I think you should commit to the long game. Get a sex change, and really make the guy's dreams come true.
One time my kayo said 'if we were in the right generation i would've punched you in the face' when i asked him if he can go defend B...


That was literally the first thing he said to me and the first time i opened my mic
Glad you like it! I prefer Vandal but I'm gonna be buying a lot more Phantoms the next few weeks.
It would be fun if we had a "most broken patch" mode. Insta Jett dash, double chamber TP, infinite gas Viper, etc. And buff every other agent way beyond what would be acceptable for the main game. 

Kinda like URF mode for League.
he literally says “more of that please” at the end
*off topic* what does IIRC means?
Saw one pro say head level in csg is neck in Valorant
I assume that it’s in the game to prevent some guns from being perfect in every situation. The slight inaccuracy on rifles makes room for dedicated long range guns to shine. I think riot wants each weapon category to function as tools with strengths, weaknesses, and clear use cases with rifles being the all rounders of the bunch.
Pick rates aren’t the full story. Reyna has one of the highest pick rate but that doesn’t mean she’s good. Phantom vs vandal is mostly preference tbh.
For me, not plat, but people below gold dont buy 2nd round after winning pistols. I was doing a 5 man flex with randoms from the Valorant discord and the silver/iron players yelled at us for buying second round and they were the most toxic too lol. So it made sense for me why they're level 500 but still iron/silver.
Phoenix would be super cute. The Jett looks great also
https://tracker.gg/valorant/match/87e2c8b7-06ae-42ea-b66c-2d4222b917e0
Ruot has never, and will never, care about throwers in game. Their philosophy is if they can't detect it then it's not a problem. Same shit in League. Run it down mid every game and nothing happens. Say one curse word? Instantly punished. It's dumb but they don't care.
Yep, it's such a bad design LOL
"Well, first of all, the ult orbs work differently on them. Normally, when you kill an agent, you get the ult point immediately, but not on Clove. With Clove, you get the point after the round ends, but their ult works strangely too--when you play Clove, die, and res yourself and then die again to an enemy, it counts as a death for you and as a kill for the guy that killed you. However, the killer doesn't get the orb from you--which is (to be honest) kinda weird since we already have interactions like this in the game. Take Sage, for example: when she resurrects someone and they die, the person who kills them get an ult point, or when you kill Phoenix while he is using his ultimate, it doesn't give you the ult point, but neither of those scenarios both give the victim the death and kill to the attacker"
Myself when I got so lucky that one time
Yes. Equipping works as designed. The functions are mainly for abilities to switch back or my get stunt (guessing).
Never checked if it also means that it would equip a weapon if I have no primary and walk over it.

But what confused us was I was switched automatically to pistol and the Jett to knife (why she got killed ;))
This would be great if he was giving steps right after tapping the bomb (even gekko peeks right away which means this is probably low ELO). So on one hand this is great but on the other he fake taps like an iron. Conflicting feelings.
Stay taught as a ball string, the fight demands it
because these 2 with ghosts can buy vandals next round and so increases the chance they can win their bonus. Its not that great of a strat in ranked since you are not coordinated so you need the maximum chance to win the 2nd round so its best to full buy everyone if you win pistol.
Add a 2v2
It was just the site balance. Statistically B site was too hard to retake, and A site was too hard to hit. It was super lopsided and that lent itself to being super stale in terms of strategic depth. In ranked matches it’s not as clear, but at higher levels of play, the disparities began to show. 

Unfortunately, maps that are fine for the average player might not play well at pro and vice versa. A great example is Fracture; it has basically *the most* strategic depth of any of the maps, but is abysmal to play in ranked (why so many people hate it). It makes maps super duper hard to balance tbh
That TP tho
Wow maybe it's the only location on the entire map with a tree in it. who would have guessed

(It's the little room you can close off with the door switch on A site)
Probably just a gameplay thing for balance
Bad viper wall, enemy gekko baiting Jett, Reyna not entry fragging with Jett. 

Gold
Cypher, Killjoy and Viper
I do see a practical sense though,if you've payed attention to riots character design you would notice none of them blend in with the background,same goes with the pants,just makes them stand out more
My opinion might change depending on the total price of the bundle. I feel like just grabbing the player card and buddy as of now. I'm really looking forward for everything that's coming especially the lunar pass as I am in desperate need of Radianite.
You look up unlucky in the dictionary and this shows up
I know. Me too tbh. But I just did this for the memes lol
Love this but I would trade this for 2 trips again. Nerf the trip range if needed to keep him in line with like KJ. Keep him as a site anchor who still has the Ability to walk up with tp ready. Hella excited for these changes
It runs, I've seen it run till it gets you! I was very surprised it can lock on and go so far.
My name is TheSilly your fine bro
Awesome coincidence, especially because Solari's such a rare name.
Make an animation out of this.
It’s a scam specifically to target people who only want the knife and encourage them to just by the whole bundle. Every other skin in every bundle takes the price off the total except for knives. It sucks you had to find out this way but in the future if you ever want the knife you either need to be 100% sure you ONLY want the knife or just by the whole thing to be safe.
As a sentinel main, it seems like they just want us to play smokes lol. Every sentinel has gotten nerfed significantly since you stopped playing, except for Cypher, which is all I play now.
he’s been getting up there
A sentinel with 2 traps , 2 tps, a broken pistol and a broken ult
Also by them have 3 initiators and 2 duelists lol
isn't life a giant time sink?
getting made fun of for how you sound even though you're comming is a really good deterrent to actually speak

(I have a nasally voice. I only comm when I'm with my Brimstone sounding boyfriend or my other gay friends)
you bounced off their head when you dropped down lmao
No lmao.
Icebox is bad because both sites are atrocious
Mute whoever is trolling. 
Try to focus on your game and people who wants to win the game. 
If you won like 2 match and feel like you don't want to que up then don't just relax and do tomorrow or later. 
I hit ascendant and dropped dia3 again it will be always same, I watch streamers they also go through same stuff(trolls etc). 
What I keep telling myself is I want to play this game to enjoy  my mechanical and agent abilities have a impact on the rounds and have fun with it. It is hard but I know it will get better.
It's just a funny name - it really isn't that deep brother.
Nice, but don't reload in the open when you have no idea where the last enemy is, or at 23 bullets.
Iso in Asc + is fucking crazy right now.
(HOT TAKE) Most of the time its because they want someone to blame for them being bad.

Idk how many times I've watched a jett play an AWFUL angle and then complain when they take damage 

not even just jetts any agent, really.

A lot of people rely on sage/skye heals to justify their bad plays rather than admit their plays are bad. 

Yes, heals can change a games outcome, but they should not determine if you win or lose

(I am gold, btw, this is my experience)
I feel like Astra has a reputation for being hard but i'm not sure she is as hard as people claim, to get the absolute best out of her teamplay is required, but that's true for a lot of characters, I would like some explanation on why Astra is harder than brim outside of the mechanical finesse to actually place and use her stars quickly.
I'll be the first :)
I hit radiant and tried to go pro back in 2022. During that time I was on a gap year and found myself spending 2-3 hours a day playing ranked, 5-6 hours a day scrimming and practicing with my team, and then probably an additional 1-2 hours coming up with strats or VOD reviewing as I was the IGL. 

The demand competing has is INSANE. Depending on your course schedule and how hard your courses are, it is potentially possible. However, you need to make great sacrifices if you truly consider competing, you’d have to give up a lot (being social, other hobbies, etc…) to really chase this goal. I spent 1 year and 6 months trying to make it as a player, but only ever got to T2.5 (slightly better placements and consistency than a T3 team). After this grind I completely fell out of love with playing, but still wanted to be involved so I started coaching a top free agent Game Changers team. 

This process can take very long, you can make it easier for yourself by streaming and becoming more well known in the community. This will help you get trials/connections in the scene that can help you start playing for a better team than if you were sone unknown player, but this will take a lot of time (that may already be limited). 

Ultimately, if you really believe in your aim and ability and have the determination and commitment, this goal isn’t impossible. However you need to be completely upfront and honest with yourself if you can make the commitment of trying to compete.
I hate that they cap the kingdom credits to 10k. I could have a lot more and could easily open stuff.
Clara?
> But yeah it's not exactly a secret that Woohoojin is probably lying about having a "secret radiant account

What kind of claim is that? Why would you lie about that. That has major "I have a girlfriend, but she goes to a different school " energy
Yall care way to much about this guy.
That's when you know it's time to get off the game for the day.
Bro is daredevil
Ok so I'm not the only person who sees that as the jack off animation
This happens every new episode and it sucks lol
You answered your own question kinda 😅 you don’t play consistently so you can’t expect to rank up that easy. BUT a big part of getting better is watching people who are better than you, and understanding why they do what they do. Make sure to take that and apply that to your gameplay as well! Focus on crosshair placement and how you’re dying e.g. could it have been avoided / did you set yourself up for success?
Yes but you should anyways be bringing smokes and sentinels for a balanced team comp. You can't bring 2 inits and 3 duelists then complain that you can't stop rushes
My average teammates
And based on the 600 a day that's 13 days to get one agent
Bro, maybe im a bad person. But if I started getting feed info from the other team. Im taking that shit and running with it lmao. Free rr is free rr.
Everything is a woke. Stay ripoff
Ohhh so that was the first time the term 3/9 curse has appeared  
I just saw the reactions to that match, were incredible  
Thank you so much
This is hard to watch
Doesn't mean that their ability to smoke post-death isn't their passive.
I understand your point, but at the same time the details of one's death can be very sensitive and private, and the public isn't owed a cause of death.
ascendent. It's typical when you get people whose aim is immortal level but lack game sense or awareness. Also to be honest, in lower ranks aim is much better than game sense or awareness(till like plat and Diamond where you need some idea of what game you playing)
Even better, us low elos won't have to complain and go with it.

Odin is not a impossible weapon to fight against, but it's very good for the new meta.
Do you have a small mousepad? I can easily swipe across both my monitors with 1/3 of my mousepad from end to end with 800 DPI, it isn't slow at all.
Focus on school/career. I'm being serious you'll seriously end up regretting it. If you were a Radiant, then maybe you could have a shot but even then it's still insanely difficult to make it to the pro scene. Skill isn't enough by itself either, you need connections and luck.
the "I come in peace" duo
VCT yay Task
Headshot Standard 
Sixshot 
Ascent tracker 
(silver to immortal)
Use whatever you’re comfortable with blah blah blah…how about NO. Miss me with that bullshit. There’s a reason every pro uses low sens and it’s not to look cool. You are losing so much control with that crazy high sens that I need you to understand it’s holding you back. If you can make it to plat with that garbage I guarantee you’ll climb to ascendant with a better dpi. I’d recommend starting at .25 in game sens paired with your 1600 dpi and see how that feels. No bullshit, you’ll need like 2 weeks to get used to this new dpi and starting aiming with more of your forearm but I promise you’ll ascend in no time.
It’s not a smoke.
How can you play with that on the background lol
I want him to show the alt too. But would people even believe its him on that account. I think that's why he said that his only choice is to try to hit radiant asap.
Mf actually made a good take without knowing what in the fuck
Idk the Neon changes aren't the best, I'd prefer it if she kept 2 stuns and they temporarily disabled util so she can deal with Cypher trips and maybe revert a bit of the cocaine demon changes like 2 slides or perfect sliding 1 tap. Her design already dosen't mesh with the game its just unfun to play against someone who calls you bad for not hitting shots on something moving so fast that's its out of your control.
The plushies taught me the combo wdym
I got same issue. But I just give my self some handicapped. Like sheriff and marshal only. My 2 worst guns. I only play serious after killing other team smurf, then I dive and die. Letting them play 4v4. I just watch them. I dont take their game seriously, but i dont bot frag and intentionally play their game. I just turn of my brain, like running flanking not hard clearing corners. They are fine us losing, they just cant kill other team smurf thats why they ask me to play with them. I dont tryhard unless they talk trash and bully my friends.
Also, the AA in this is basically just lowering your sens once your crosshair is on an enemy. It doesn't move the crosshair for you, so all the aiming is technically done by you.
Smurfing is so annoying and it’s present in every rank under immo2. There’s no way riot does anything to combat it bc they get money as more accts more incentive to buy skins. 

Now Ik people who Smurf to play with low rank friends, bc unrated is also a nightmare sometimes but still, that’s annoying
I think skye’s alert for her flashes is good, as it’s the main reason skye is good. If it was removed she would be quite bad and her whole play style would change. 

I think they should just tune up some of the other initiators a bit, such as giving sova a little bit of his drone time back, or adding a sound cue to breach’s fault line like “moved enemies”. 

You could also fade by making her eye have a shorter window to be broken or adding a little health to gekko’s dizzy.
These are cool, although Sage doesn't use ice. She uses jade instead. But she's definitely the closest so it still fits.
The strongest change is most definitely the wall change. Do you even realise how op it would be to have a mini astra wall when defusing.
Our entire team (and even the enemy team) reported our phoenix who was trolling. This game was just yesterday. No penalty from riot :))
The reaver. Just the two bells chimes SOOOOO satisfying
strongest mental ive seen from a valorant player (including myself), please remember me when youre radiant
I've switched from casual Call of Duty with its non-stop action, so had a bit of a similar issue with comparable slowness of Valorant.  
When there are no events happening around you, check the minimap to see what your teammates are doing and why, where your enemies may be right now and where they're going.  
Give it some time and you'll get used to it
Riot being a shitty company, what's new

In LoL, they recently ghosted their EU casters and didn't even let them know if they still have a job for months. Like, people have bills and stuff wth

Their higher ups were sued for discrimination against their female employees too

It's rotten all the way to the top
Probs because a famous streamer or player is in a game and they wanna get a cool clip in front of them
I hated lotus at first but now.. it's gonna have to be breeze. Such a pain
I seriously doubt that such an account exists
Most of the time they're in a party and the guy who DC probably told them something. Other times, it could be a misclick. F5 and F6 are side by side. 

People who think they can win 4v5 are really dumb and should check their ego
They will intersect at two places no?
Homeboy why did you use the guardian as your example?

Your iron ranked ass does know that the Guardian can still one shot people from across the map right?

You should have said "spectre" or "Bulldog" lol
This uses our application called SignalRGB. Anyone can make their own game integrations using our system. We have documentation on it: https://docs.signalrgb.com/lightscripts/creating-dev-integrations
It’s a magic map
You can dread it or adapt to it.

Break it with Sova dart, raze satchel? 

Push from mid?

Suppress Cypher with kayo knife? 

All the Cypher buff did was prevent a 5 man W through main. 

Play slow, coordinate with your team and it's easy. I played a game yesterday where we just went B on sunset since they left Cypher alone there. Ezpz
1. Buy guns after winning  pistols
2. Save if we dont have money
3. Play for rounds not for kills
Phoenix is a little underrated according to the pick rate, but his ult is really helpful and only needs 6 points (2nd life, getting information, free heal). Picking up orbs you can use it very often and there is rarely the "perfect moment".
This, moonwalking , seeing others laughing it really does add lots of fun to the game.
It’s not “for no reason”, but i feel that Yoru is quite overhated. I feel like people have just stuck with the mentality of him that they’ve had since his release, without opening their minds to how strong he is now. The fact that people STILL think he’s a troll pick is nuts to me. While in Pro Play, he can be a bit inconsistent, in Ranked he’s a beast IMO
The exact reason why i DON'T buy it. I want there to be a vandal skin that will always be a treat to pick up rather than owning it and having it turn bland in a couple weeks
The lack of ADS disturbs me
the “my girlfriend” one 💀
I just wish the phantom didnt look that bad compared to the rest : (
I think a better question is who's on track to become the greatest of all time? Need more years of Val to pass
This is all carefully planned out. You’re naive if you think it isn’t.
If a Riot dev is here, can they explain why a mode like swiftplay or spike rush is now adhering to the competitive map pool? I get it for comp and unrated but the other modes are shorter and not built around the same rules as a normal length game, so why restrict their map pool? 

I wager the majority of people can't just get a group of 10 people together willy nilly to do customs on those maps and I still quite enjoy some that are out of rotation but now will have 0 chance to play them in my Swiftplays.
My favourite strat is the start of round defending A site Bind and throwing the teleport back site in the last 3 seconds pre-round before going throught he Bind teleporter and fake cloning out to wait for them to push Hookah and peeking out for 1 or maybe 2 kills if lucky before tp-ing back to A

Catches em off guard every few rounds but can really cut it close with the remaining tp time
Yeah I’m not a girl but Jesus the amount of guys who do and say stupid shit anytime a girl is in a lobby  is horrid.
with one mag?
This guy has the entire game memorized, he practices finding new lineups in his dreams.
I have a friend who's mindset is like this LMAO. He doesn't like it when he gets one tapped, but is ecstatic when he taps someone.
Way too easy to abuse, you see it misused in counter strike all the time
I've gotten my 6k, and that's all I need.
Exactly. Though Leader would give those Reyna kids a too big ego boost
Brimstone sounds like my dad who went buying milk for 30 years until now
ye, i never heard her have any bad experience with the multiplayer side of it
I watched him semi frequently around a year ago but recently he seem to have developed a massive ego and talks down to people with much less experience than him in a really condescending way and now it turns out his "I'm radiant I know best" is all a sham?
Congratulations! Are you standing still or are you adding movement?
did you end up losing this game.
Because her flash takes longer to proc if it goes straight or up into the air, people aim at the ground so the flash effect starts sooner so they aren't peeking while their flash is still gliding into the skye
because viper herself isnt affected

IIRC theres a bug with her wall and players affected by the bug decay to 1hp for the whole round
The part where you can fall off the map
Lol. I’m gonna add this to the “guide”
True, idk how OP made it. But this is probably high risk of getting banned.
I honest to god think there should be legislation for this.
cuz actual game not crosshair placement simulator
I hope this doesn’t mean the Map Pool will remain exactly the same. I mean even just rotating one map back in would help motivate me to play more. It’s odd that they would create map pools only to rotate every episode. At the very least add the maps to a different game mode
RIP VP
Me go clove me no peekin
Absolutely right. These people should focus what's in their control. And being negative about the game is in their control too. They create an environment that people antagonize each other or thinking negatively about the game.

Meanwhile you also get the opposite kind of people. The overly positive ones. Cracking jokes, making compliments and openly discuss ideas. It does not only lightens the mood but also keeps up the team spirit. Trust me the latter can win games without even performing well himself lol.  [Back to DST](https://youtu.be/cz7TWpRXyRY?si=hIxMj1bJZHeqi6es)
A team of Deadlock, Sage, Harbor, Cypher, and Reyna

so many walls, you can't see where you're going, and then you get caught in a Cypher wire trying to go around lol
It sounds to me like you're saying you generally play with players that have better aim than you, and that you don't see your aim improving. Do you really want to rank up to where you're even more outmatched? Honest question from someone who's probably worse than you (45+ y.o. with decaying reaction speed).


If you just want to get carried you can focus on controllers or initiators. You can also try Cypher for Intel but he has a tendency to want to lurk and you don't really want to be the last one alive on the team and have them rely on you to clutch.
I’m 60 this year, my 3 sons play in premier. I’m ok but quite elo, first fps for quite a while lol
Fracture is out too😢
The bug was it's giving people too many good deals if it's this catastrophic for Riot just to cancel it. Gotta keep the whales hooked
Yeah I agree, but on the other hand is spike rush really worth getting angry?
sometimes yes
King Crimson.
Play omen, he’s can kinda play for himself
OP fell to their knees in a Walmart parking lot somewhere reading these comments
I’ve play with good cypher players in Diamond Lobbies who have unique setups and I can say out of 3 matches with them so far defense is definitely easier with the buffs
make harbor wall don't slow teammate and it's good enough  
viper already balanced imo (before and after nerf)
I am a simracer. I use fps to calm down when I'm too stressed.
This is really cool! You have an art page i can check out?
- Getting sunset

- More than 2 people with comms turned off

- Annoying people in agent select on my rankup game
Ah that makes sense then, thanks
unfortunately, you can't.
-10000 Aura
Tarik, he is an incredible entertainer and he doesn't have a big ego and owns up to his mistakes. If he does show a big ego however he is just playing a character. I prefer watching his POV over an official Tournament POV and so many more agree he literally has more viewers than Valorant themselves.
\+ who plants there lmao
I only played episode 1 act 1 and episode 8 act 1-3 i have 600. Did they just used to give alot back then?
yeah we lost pistol, eco, and buy so had to eco again but got guns here and ended up winning the game actually I think
how does it work will it be available to buy again at any point?
47 shots lol
Probably got delayed, they did also say there will be more balance changes later this year after Champs.
Here and there is fine. If you do it all game you are throwing imo. To me it comes off as “ope, I missed a single shot, so I’m done trying now!”
Because if all toxic players where banned from this game there would be about 7 people left.
If things are not going well, buy Odin and spray and pray
[https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/BryMan%23NA1/performance](https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/BryMan%23NA1/performance)

I worked hard to get to immortal. I want to share my advice to players struggling.

What's wrong with that?
You can slow down Harbors wall by looking up so you can wall more precise and it makes tighter curves
As long as I'm in ascendant I can never call this dogshit rank high elo lmao.
I totally get that bots don't have souls that Reyna can use and maybe there's an explanation for other skills as well. Planting spike training is even harder than defusing training. Bots are moving too and we still can't use those skills there. Those are training grounds and I think we should be able to use those skills even though it won't be lore accurate.
is it still good? yes

does it feel like absolute shit and make playing the character miserable? also yes
is there any link where people collected all of the lore bits like voicemail and such? Im having a hard time finding all of them one by one
think of it this way: PRX was able to win a Match against (I think tier 2?) Pros with a duelist only comp. As long as you'r comfortable with what you are playing, you can win any ranked match, no matter the comp.

Also, it's not like double initiator or double smokes would be a bad comp.
Oh, alright, I'll keep that in mind next time Im playing.
I feel like Kayo is gonna struggle the most with this agent, being binary and all.
The leap from immo3 (300rr stuck) to Radiant  was just fixing my mental.  
Trying to be less toxic, ignore the attitude of my teammates, stop tilt q and stop duoing with a toxic friend who was ruining my mental.
I just run in and die if my duelist refuses to entry
The actual issue with this is the combination with her poison cloud. If it was a normal molly with Brim level damage, combining it with poison clouds decay would almost immediately kill someone.

Yes, it's a flaw from the design standpoint
Visibility issues maybe?  It looked damn cool and it's a shame it went away. I don't think we've ever recived any info from riot about this. Sorry for not really answering your question
I also don't the hand precision of a surgeon. /j  


In all seriousness how the fuck do people play on anything higher then .5 800 dpi.
I hope the email with Gekko is hinting that the new agent is being kept frozen or something, that's why it felt cold and he heard breathing
You'd be surprised as to how badly ppl whiff in Asc TwT
Clean asf, what’s ur sens?
imo: recon phantom
for an omencmain: reaver phantom
I could not care about his rank I mean, not every world cup winning coach was a world cup winning player. Still wish he took the "coaches don't play" road and worked on his ego.
This might be by far and away one of my favorite bundles ever. I love the vibes and the trailer is amazing as well.
Not helpful to get backseated, but can be helpful if you're playing with competent people as there may have been some info you missed that warrants a certain decision. Really depends on context and how much they're saying
And his ult voice line would be "WHAT THE FUCK IS A KILOMETEEEEEEER! (distant eagle scream)"
Fuck no diamond is top 5%
Yeah these people are worse than anything op is describing
I was spray transferring from deadlock to the cypher, in the midst of the transfer, I unleashed a single, well-aimed bullet that found its mark on Sova's head in B main. It seems luck favored me in that moment :p
this can apply to every skin you buy lmao 
> you buy skin
> you get tired of skin after a day
> you want new skin because we humans have an insatiable hunger for something better
> you get new skin
> cycle repeat
> you run out of money and go back to using prime/rgx/reaver
I’ve had this exact same thought. Would be cute to interact with the little guy. But devs probably would see this as a waste of time
I’ll go against the grain here; it’s not a bad thing to get rid of head count if that head count isn’t needed. And the package they are giving these afflicted employees is EXTREMELY generous compared to most layoffs. 

It’s obviously very scary to get laid off, I’ve been there, but if my lay off had this package? I’d have been in a much better spot
Nice cosplay, you did a great job!
also csgo actually patched the boost and added a sign that says "climbing this railing is prohibited"
I'll never get bored of watching people come out of smokes , only then to get smoked. When will they learn.
Ain’t no way she said “the better rifle” 💀

But seriously though this is peak
Thanks for the report!
Funny considering he also shits on Ascendant players and at least in game, he is clearly not better than them by a large margin considering his struggles. He also seems to get dunked by mechanically better players so often in gunfights, yet he always trolls anyone who loses a fair gunfight.
Chamber is pretty chill now
Yall are wild.  Playing video games to get some predatory force fed dopamine hit… instead of playing the game for the actual game.
I've already satcheled my friend off lmao
Because they want to do everything they can to make you play the game more. 

The time interval between the rank resets makes it feel like riot doesn’t respect the time of the people who don’t fill every waking moment of their free time playing Valorant. I don’t have the time to grind and constantly “prove” that I deserve my rank and live a full life.

Really takes the fun out of the game when one day you are having evenly matched games at your current rank and the next day you’re facing 2 immortals on the enemy team and have 2 silvers on your team. I just want even matches.
That’s insane. it took me ~1500 hours to hit ascendant. And im twice her age xD she is killing it
I personally feel that it should be like the surrender system. If there are 4 players left, then 3 votes are required, if there are 3 players, then only 2 votes are required. Now obviously this will allow duos or trios to potentially disrupt matches. But again only 1 vote might also result the same, someone remaking just because they don't like the map, and such.
Yeah this clip is very strange, even if Viper could have moved quickly enough to cross mid in that amount of time they should’ve been able to see them do it.
This would make sense, just based on the all chat in game I'm sure the whole lobby reported him. So I hope he gets banned soon... any idea if they notify players like "hey thanks for the report, we banned this guy" ? Just curious, some games do that (Destiny 2 is one example lol). It would be interesting to have confirmation.
When a glitch messes with your push to talk and it doesn't turn off or stays open without prompt so people can hear you when you think you are muted lol
This episode has been horrible for me lmao. I also just continuously lose games. Down to P3 0 rr from Diamond 2 last week and it’s annoying af. Somehow I’m struggling more the lower I go so idk what’s up
The community have always disliked new maps from as long as I can remember so it isn't really about "comfortable with the old stuff" as even old maps like Split have gotten a decent amount of complaints. Although, I do feel like the people saying the map is too large is valid considering it takes a decent amount of time to rotate and the Spike is 45 seconds, I've had some rounds where we couldn't really rotate in time as we had some people fighting us in mid and you can't exactly run like a headless chicken onto site. But, overall I think it's a decent map & I've had fun with people including myself falling off sometimes.
They ain't letting a single inch slide past that main
Afaik its one tick of damage. Can be a raze ult can be a one hit of a molly
I hate this. They should have just removed the entire area instead of just blocking it
Because they're bad. If they were actually high elo players smurfing, they would just aim diff everyone and drop 50 kills. It's the Gold players smurfing in Bronze who actually require team cooperation to perform.
Bro it doesnt count as death if u die to the spike
Roll for initiative always gets me
I dont use those incase i ever drive a car and the muscle memory kick in		Edit : also i have no money and no motivation to buy it. Since the V key work well enough
I know you didn't ask this but to rank up you should improve your gameplay instead of finding an agent. But that being said I would say, Skye because if you use her utility properly she can be really effective.
Raze's boombot

Sage's wall

Sova's drone

Sova's recon dart

Omen's ultimate

Cypher's camera

Cypher's trapwires (not the cages)

Reyna's flash

Killjoy's turret

Killjoy's alarmbot

Killjoy's nanites

Killjoy's lockdown

Skye's dog

Skye's ultimate

Yoru's tp

Yoru's clone

Kayo's knife

Kayo's downed body

Chamber's teleporter

Chamber's trap

Fade's prowler

Fade's haunt

Harbor's smoke (the ball one) 

Gekko's flash (before it fires at you) 

Gekko's wingman

Gekko's ultimate

Deadlock's wall

Deadlock's sensor

Deadlock's ultimate (with your teammate inside it) 

Iso's double tap ball
RITO PLEASE. I'LL RETURN TO THE GAME JUST FOR THIS
He was holding it down, you can see the bar pausing
Can't do nothing about it. I was plat last act and got placed into s1. It's absolute hell just having players on your and the enemies side run it down.
OP: mentions "true iron player"

You: Unless they're not true iron.
you smoked off your opper :( cool play tho
All of the “animal” based Util swarming around the corner one at a time got a laugh out of me. It’s like one of those old cartoon shows where everything just swarms out one at a time accompanied by Yakety Sax.
The right shot with my ult then
Yea when i played val for a bit i was pleasantly surprised by wow you can actually hold an angle. Cs2 you cant really hold an angle even if it’s an off angle at least at the higher ranks like 17k+.
You know the first guy that died is screaming "TRADE ME BRO"
People in gold tend to have pretty decent aim but don’t really give comms so they can do well in deathmatch since they don’t need to coordinate.
Phantom is generally better with Controllers, largely because it allows for more spam (& without bullet tracers)

That being said, if the phantom made you “realize your aim wasn’t actually bad” it could be because you were spraying a bit excessively with the Vandal. The Phantom tends to be more generous with longer sprays (as it remains mostly accurate) so players who spray can feel “better” on the Phantom
I've learned to IGL and manage randoms, voice comm and shrug off toxicity, and be mindful of all you mentioned to compensate for my low headshot rate. Big brain can indeed take you far! However, I'm sure that lack of aim is a wall that everyone who wishes to progress will have to overcome just like you said.
I just want to play all the maps on swiftplay, I can't remember the last time I played fracture, pearl or haven
Absolutely the Reaver Karambit. The animations are amazing and it’s probably the best looking karambit
I ve been playing since twitch beta, never could i ever play more than 7 matches in 1 day
I do feel for him tho, mans lost his rank up like 10 times cuz of throwers

actually going insane
Honestly just try to begin the spray on their head then pull down and pray
Gekko because of his buddies. (I don’t have play comp seriously)
She deserved this nerf lol, what are these comments.

She’s the only initiator who can be played solo. Best info gatherer.
Until riot sees a large enough of an exodus because of Smurfs specifically, it won’t change. More accounts mean more money spent on the same skins across multiple accounts
For 3 months we got no content but a whole new agent lol
Am I wrong or did he not claim this was a solo q challenge? Also isn’t jeyg the guy they claimed boosted him in the first place? 

Hooj was getting farmed Thursday and Friday and went like 2-5 both days. I’d say it’s not a good look from him and and he disables chat on his stream so no one can call him out on it lol
Stop reloading after every kill omg, that's so anxiety inducing
Omen most definitely worked closely with kingdom though. Specifically Viper. They each other well already. But yeah, there is bound to be great lore and I myself drift away from the Iso = Omen theory as well. I think they are intertwined though. Anyway, i am honestly happy the two share a friendly relationship as far as we can tell.
Mental health is no joke.  They were one map away from going to Tokyo, even losing 13-11 twice in the first BO3.  Wonder if that would have changed this, delayed it or have been no different.  Either way it shows you how mental health is a serious issue and it doesn't care how rich or well known you are.  

RIP friend and for anyone reading this, get help if you aren't okay, there will always be someone who cares.
thats why i play on stockholm
Never ask a valorant player why the clip ends at 4 kills x_x
Valorant players are simply in another mental realm
The ghost cannot one tap, but the sheriff can. When your enemies can kill you in one click, would you rather want to do the same?
This dude needs professional help bro
Ball clenching jump though
Watch all the cinematics it'll make sense
I think reyna is fine where she is. I can understand why lower elo players don’t like smurfs playing her but they’d do the same thing on jett, pheonix, or any other agent.
Summed up why I like it! Glad you’re having a good time
Fnatic manager here, please delete this
I hate Split , the games on it are always on sided and attacking is so hard especially if they have a kj or cypher
Thats how i imagine iron 1
Alt f4
Because it comes down to crosshair placement and game knowledge?

Just running on site with no Utility will get you kill 9 out of 10 times.
Why do you not have a sidearm
But that's a bug isn't it? It is otherwise very difficult to see this in pro play games if it's the same there.
Spectrum knife + phantom so I cant hear my team complaining
unless you’re a pro and or content creator i hope you aren’t making great lifestyle changes aside from the lack of a social life, but that’s not radiant exclusive
Best to use his ult when you have your shield, once I started looking for that, your odds increase dramatically
Sorry folks, this is right. We're working on a fix for all of these! We're sorry we had to disable these levels but we didn't want the competitive integrity to affect your games. Likewise pro teams are not allowed to use these until they're fixed.
Average breach and yoru experience be like
/r/lostredditors
The bullet transparency isn't just a drawback, it does provide the benefit of making deadlocks wall unknifeable and harder to spray because she could peek and kill you through it if you do. I'd say it's more of a trade-off.
That iso is a dumbass
same can confirm

source: i’m fucking op’s dad and we ain’t having any of that furry shit\
(gay shit is allowed on account of our month ✊)
All of them, they ffed and we weren’t stacked lol
my friend plays sage and does this to me except on purpose lmao
There’s no difference between iron and bronze imo. Maybe you just happened to be playing against fake ones
144 was a game changer for me but anything above that imo is too marginal to be worth it
What’s your sens and mouse/mousepad

i know it sounds stupid but you’d be surprised the amount of people with stupid peripherals and/or settings
they make plenty
it’s because anyone that is a good controller ranks up quick and leaves low elo
Let's make it simpler..

Let's say there are some wizards/magicians and they rise against normal humans, how would we fight them? We'll try to counter them with powers like them but we'll use technology or understand how the magic works and make most of it work..

Just like that Radiant Agents have powers, some were born with it like X-Men or some had alterations like The Boys (7s) and the other ones are just humans and those humans adapted used technology similar to the radiants and used Radianite to develop the tech and abilities to encounter them. 

I hope this answers your question.
My guess:

To play video games at a high level you have to play since a young age that mean you have to have someone older than you introduce pc gaming and have a pc to game on 

Africa in general is still extremely impoverished except for small areas where there has been either significant outside investment or was “part of Europe” going into then Industrial Revolution(mostly Egypt).

So the majority of Africans don’t have access to computers consistently and this causes the player base to be small and therefore less skilled on the higher end due to the lack of meaningful competition.

In America it’s more of the same African-Americans are disproportionately on the lower end of the socioeconomic latter.

Korea got around this by having extremely cheap Internet cafes so even those without the money to buy their own pcs get access to high end gear. 

To me that’s the most likely along with gaming is generally frowned upon in the lower socioeconomic circles of America as you could be using that time to work or learn a skill or play sports to get into college or go pro.
Bulldog mains rise up
Planet fitness is open 24/7
not tryna be negative but this seems pretty bad
free life ig
Will do, thanks
I promise you they know how to make money better than you think you do
I mean its just to get initial credit, most of the good valorant pro coaches are not even hitting immortal lmao.

You dont need to be good at a game to be able to coach people to be good.
brother its a TACTICAL SHOOTER FPS, OF COURSE we are going to compare to cs because theres basically valorant and cs at this segment
I feel like I encounter more kids the higher up I climb. Used to play with my ex and was hardstuck silver during that time, mostly playing bronze/silver due to her rank. 99% of players I met were adults. Now I'm in gold/plat lobbies and half of the players are kids...
Please take note of the walking 🙏🏼 the amount of times I’m going to flank and hear my Reyna clomping around behind me is so frustrating sometimes lol
Yeah that smoke is perfect for pushing in. I cant see why your teammates would complain. Keep using it on pushed it mavesure the enemy cant peak out anywhere without being really exposed
Yeppp happened every time.

Icebox? Fuck that! Dodge!
Then Breeze dropped.

Breeze? Fuck that! Dodge! (This one is sorta justified, oldest Breeze was ass)
Then Fracture dropped.

Fracture? Fuck that! Dodge!
Then Pearl dropped.

Pearl? Fuck that! Dodge!
Then Lotus dropped.

Lotus? Fuck that! Dodge!
Then Sunset dropped.

Sunset? Fuck that! Dodge!
Then Abyss dropped.

Abyss? Fuck that! Dodge!
Then Whatever the fuck the next map would be.

Bumfuck? Its new! And we don't like changes! Rahhh.

Dodged.

Happens every time, its almost comical at this point
Especially because he not only acted superior from a rank perspective, but also has always made his integrity and principles a big part of his brand. I am sure I’m not alone in saying that integrity was a good part of his appeal for me.
You gotta be the guy that talks silver rank lobbies a little to serious bro 😭. Its a very funny / cool trick that combines 3 different agents utility.
This and that it forces the enemies to move their crosshairs to an awkward position that is harder to recover from
Must be a cs transplant. Neva seen a 3 week player with this good crosshair placement.
Additionally:  
Give info the person may have missed  
"you heared him vents"  
"ult is up / dash up" 

Dont call ammo or **purchaseable abilities**
Opens up skye
Its just ego and the need to feel like theyre better at the game than others, which is obvious cos they're in a higher rank. Its the same as why people smurf
Different characters with different designs? Can we wait to see how this pans out before we start to shit on Riot please
DoNt GeT sHot BulLeTs HuRt
“Omen, you are a capable fighter. Okay. That is all.”
If you kill someone 2 or 3 times you get automatically banned. And that’s even depending on your trust score, even doing damage once can get you banned if you have a bad trust score
Someone in the comments said "explaining empathy to gamers 🙏" got me cackling
Maybe Sunset will grow on you too after you figure out the general flow
BA BA BA BAMMM - Jett ace voice line
But then it becomes hard to hit KJ (and to a lesser extent, Chamber) T_T

With the number of purple and yellow themed agents in this game, maybe default red outlines are actually the way to go, lmao
oh damn a moment where "precise gunplay" has finally come true LMAO
no, spectrum phantom also different overkill sound.
Yes and he did not click on the map for the ult, unwatchable.
Healing ability on top as well
Real unpopular opinion, I think Valorant being the highest rank was sick
No, theres a reason they are in br/silver
It cost you nothing to not comment this
Most humble average duelist player
isnt valorant wait time like 30 seconds between rounds? And agents make it more interesting than CS. I just dont know why I would play CS if valorant exists
It makes your fire and move slower so its bad in close-medium engagements. If you're holding a pixel angle or at very long ranges it can be good but otherwise you dont want to ads
The butterfly knife had the same colour changing thing while it spins. Thought ofc that doesn't make the new knife any less sexy.
valorant redditors when the funny dumb clip has funny dumb players and the play isn't one tap ace insane 5000 dpi play

like jfc this was a harmless funny video that op probs just wanted to share to share a few laughs.
Their movement is garbage, they stay inplace waiting to get shot

They repeak angles with the most predictible timings possible in life

They can't shoot back you are less likely to die taking your time to aim or miss shots, then entire video is you whiffing first before every kill (except the last one when you don't even have a gun)

They can't trade team mates for shit so, when you kill one, the whole team falls appart and you'll usually be able to get a multi-kill

You'd be dead before or after your first kill in high Immo, you're going to be preshot then you whiffed, even if you managed to kill the guy, his buddies would trade him and you'd have given entry to the site by dying there, losing the round.
he defeated the radiants at their most powerful. so astra reyna skye all even stronger than they are now were defeated by him.
duelist staying in the back and not entering the site first
Perfection. Radiants do shit that gives you a near negligible advantage because they’re fighting to be better than everyone else. Attention to detail is insane
movement speed is different so it takes a bit of time getting used to it. However sprays are patterns so just learn them.
Holding the mouse
Try out a higher sense with a more aggressive curve. Allows small joystick movements to not feel too twitchy, while letting you turn very quickly with large stick movements.
It's funny cuz I always aim at the head and players who crouch fuck me so hard
I've had a Jett I'm practically every game this week lol. Gold lobbies of it makes any difference.
No way this is iron, this is probably copper
Unlucky, really
For those saying dailies don't give anything, it does give 4k XP + whatever you get from playing the games. This new checkpoint system requires you to play more compared to the old one which you could complete in just 1 swiftplays most of the time. The fact that if you lose unrated 0-13 or swiftplays 0-5, you make no progress with the new checkpoints. It's a waste of time really. In the old dailies system, you could run 1 swiftplays and be done with the dailies. I guess riot just wants us to play more.
Ykw that is true, good point

Ig the lack of consistency is mainly for balance

The flaw about ISO's design is that 99% of his value is in his one shield ability so it'd affect him too much ti make it stoppable by knife (meanwhile keeping it up just makes ISO that much stronger when his shield's buffed up like it is rn)
I had an immo smurf jett whose account got banned complain about me buying up round 2 after we won pistol. I was genuinely flabbergasted and slobberknocked.
Yep, there is a riot guy on twitter that explains some it, every friday.

He said once that even just winning duels against a guy with higher MMR than you, gets you more hidden mmr.
"I lied about being a Radiant player." 

I don't know how much more of an admission of lying about you need than the guy saying he lied about it.
Brother in christ sit this one out you're giving me hell of a secondhand embarrassment lmao I've never heard a professional player/streamer call 1 tapping someone with a rifle "1 deag" LOL pretty self explanatory
Actually the correct translation is 'sit properly'
Tbf the Jett didn't leave a lot of room for error and played this nearly perfectly given the situation, especially that updraft to take the 1v1 with the chamber who was probably trying to collapse on this jett with the Clove, that Reyna was just randomly spamming the op for no reason but probably heard "play for time" and ended up falling back and not trying to trade out the clove once it sank it they were getting shit on. The clove threw for not playing time after she ulted, not moving to cover while in ult and also for not coordinating with the Reyna at any point, the sage threw for taking a 50/50 fight(should have at least used a slow if she was gonna take that fight but if she didn't have one she had an even bigger reason not to take the 1v1) in a postplant situation and the brim threw first by peeking first and alone during a postplant where his util is essential and he can't afford to be running in and dying first.
"cabbages" lmao
That is a generic question that is required for me to make a specific point in my research. :)
According to his tracker page, he's only duo-queued 5 out of 200 matches played in the past 60 days. Not that big of a deal.

But yeah it's not exactly a secret that Woohoojin is probably lying about having a "secret radiant account", and that his current rank (~imm 1) reflects his skill appropriately.
all sentinels I would think.

2 turrets. 3 trips. 2 cams. 2 revives. 2 walls. 

Sentinels have a very over powered kit with extra charges
Forsaken the true flex
its gonna be in Valorant 2
drop ya tracker cuz i aint having that
agent 08 incoming
TIL That kayo is literally Doom.
hit immo, though grinding further is a bit unmotivating.

Though the gap feels more about mechanics than lineups. Lineups are more learn and done. I don't play sova, but the lineups should be similar to viper's, and these are either you know em or you don't. At least I don't suddenly forget lineups or timings just because I play less.
i love halls i missed it when they took it out it just didnt feel the same
He got radiant on Jett first. [Here](https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/Woohoojin%23COACH/performance) is his tracker as proof, insanity to just say something so wrong with 100% confidence
Pistol round marshal astra be cooking
Fellow 28 year old here and can confirm I do not get worked up in comp settings like I used to at 17-20. It’s a game, im having fun and taking a break from all the other bullshit life throws at us everyday
Not to mention the shortened versions of the matches on his yt pull in 200k at least
It takes three business days to rotate.
you were... giving her chances to turn and fight a fair duel!! signals!! what a kind person you are 🐸
Ranked pressure. It has a lot more weight on you since you’re playing for something.
Split is back in with 8.08 it was only removed temporarily because of an exploit. Still would've like to see breeze removed and haven added back in though
Seriously, just play casual. I know it's not what you want to hear, but there is no way an Ascendant playing with 4 silvers in ranked is going to produce fair matches - everyone else in those games is either going be getting shit on or shitting on players they should not be matched up against.

The spirit of ranked is to play against players at or very close to your own skill level - if you outperform them you rank up, if you play like shit you rank down. Your silver friends are either winning easily and getting RR they don't deserve (assuming you are hard carrying them to wins against other silver players) or they're losing RR they shouldn't when they're getting dumped on by gold/plat/diamond players.

You should be solo-q ranked on your main to play at your own skill level, and playing casual 5-stacks when you want to play with them. Anything else just isn't fair to someone in the game.
Pro gaming is not stable. Your career is short since after a certain age your reflexes/reaction speed start slowing down, not to mention you need to consistently perform at your best or better or else you'll get benched or cut. Pretty sure most pro gamers rely on brand deals and stuff to earn money. A lot of the top tier pros are radiant and immo so unless you can play ta that level consistently you'd have no chance of making money. 

Not worth it.
I wouldn't even think of market if anyone said mid, I'd just think they're wrong hah. Also, funny enough between my friends and I we only refer to market as "flaaaaank!"
Unfortunately, Riot has gone radio silent too. The last Ask Valorant was in 2022 and we have no updates on the future of the game as far as I'm aware.
Tbh it was mostly the rest of the lobby, the fact that breach sat there breaking sage wall instead of planting was interesting to say the least.
welp, after 10 minutes of trying this in customs, I've come to the conclusion i'm too effing retarded to do this. Good find though.
If you're lying, f you. If you're telling the truth, also f you.
This is great advice. a good middle ground is to give minimal comms at a point they know they are safe. if they've just left site and know the last enemy is on the other side of the site they just left, we know they are safe, so a quick comm "30 secs" is perfect. Also "4 bullets" instead of "4 bullets left, you should reload".
evil but funny
Met a reyna who threw the  game at silver 2 all because someone accidentally stole his ace.
That’s why I only give my skins to people who walk up to me, crouch spam, then drop their gun.
I wish I could just pay $9 for the sheriff skin at its base level. Like the Infantry bundle skins.

Instead it will probably be $25 for all the colors and animations.

I just want that old west sheriff. Same for most of these.

I'm afraid this will be a new trend, where they essentially no longer sell low cost skins. Instead they just lock them away with high priced skins.

These are nice skins, just a shame really.
People get way too angry in comp
It was my hobby at the time and I was playing a game I enjoyed. Seems like a win-win
That makes sense, would be more efficient than carrying a quiver around
There's a reason why it take 9 guns to kill a cypher
(it's "moot" point just FYI)
I'd dodge breeze because I have bad eyesight, the heads are too small man
I’ve found that some people in these low elos dont even know what a remake is and since it looks almost exactly like a surrender, people vote no just to try. I used to have this same issue and Ive started just saying “Its a remake not a surrender, we wont lose rr” and found that we almost always remake now
I don't see anything?
Gold is the worst part of the ladder, it's where people that don't train or try to get better get stuck.

It's where the most toxic but somehow good players get stuck because they lose too many games to being toxic.

It's where many people mastered the "crouch spray" and get salty when they lose duels because they have an ego that they are actually good.

From my experience starting from gold, it only gets betterr above.
Lol yesterday I had a guy getting mad in chat during an escalation, and he goes "Jesus what fucking rank are you guys, you're so bad", and some little kid mics up and goes "I fink I'm wevel 17" and the dude started apologizing real quick lmao.
It was the instant ult for me lolol
I think it makes sense for Unrated and DM, since those modes are more like "real" Competitive mode and often used as warmup/practice.

But why for spike rush/swiftplay...? Let us have the full map pool in the fun modes
Trying to win dm has got to be the most worthless thing to do lmao
I really do not respect it, but I guess it’s not rly against the rules.

There’s a proper way to do it tho. Inform ur team of what ur doing. Buy ur team guns and be an actual useful teammate.

The last one I had, was a cypher sheriff only. Did buy guns but never told us what he was doing. Figured it out rather fast tho. The guy was ONLY lurking to get as much kills as he could, but still ended up 4th on scoreboard.

I get that sometimes u just get a snapshot of someone and that isn’t representative of their entire career. If I hypothetically did a Marshall only account, I’d bet I’d have games where I did horribly. However, even in ur worst games the least u can do is 1) inform people, 2) buy them guns 3) play the game as u would normally within reason. Don’t suddenly play for kda just because ur not doing good. Idc if ur having a bad game just try to be a teammate.
I love how "I'm lurking" is the new shitpost spam option.
If u didnt say no Raze will continue her dialogues. You just time it right. Iirc Chamber didnt answer on that interaction.
Better now.  You can still get util dumped and it sucks ass.  Would not want more of it.
I learnt this last week, and I've been ascendant for over a year now. It was the only skill jump I couldn't make. First time was a random try, but eventually got a hang of it.
I feel like he has no sense of humour or personality he just streams a couple of games every day barely saying anything or showing any interest in what he's doing and logs off
Yeah hopefully someone who can place the smokes "freely" like Brim/Omen, I don't do so well with controllers like Viper/Harbor lol
I had my phone against my ear, waiting for morse sounds
I'm 39 and Ascendant 2. My reaction times suck, my aim sucks, I have brain fog from being a tired dad, I bottom frag nearly every comp game. (I annihilate people in casual modes, me being 'bad' is just from where I am in ranked, I think I've peaked.)

32 is not old.
prelude to chaos
In short it doesnt. Anyone who genuinely cares about someone stealing their ace cares more about their own ego than actually winning.
when I play cypher I always spam ult when I have it just to hear the GIGIGIGIGIGIMME A CORPSE
I remember seeing an xQc clip about him watching Iso. And he goes on a mini rant about power creep in valorant and how riot doesn't know what they're doing. Scrolled down to comments and his sheep viewers are regurgitating his opinion.

Like brother in christ. Do you even play valorant?
Yea my bad my rng says no
VCT
I'm in this picture and I don't like it
Its most likely related to the 11-4 curse back in csgo, 9-3 is the most comparable score in the mr12 format.
That’s not the correct price. Folks are guessing wrong.
yep :’( I was the lowest rank in the match at b2 lol, everyone else was b3-s3
“Kayo, DONT PEEK! VIPER GOT OUTLAW” *peeks*
sorry actually over a year, i sent another support thing like 6 months ago and they said basically the same thing
lol in australia its endearing sometimes
You're jett.
Absolutely correct
— Me, a silver high elo player
Gekko is hell
Expecting a Reyna to play support is like expecting a toddler to file your income taxes
They don’t care about consumers like you is the short answer 

They want the FOMO consumer who is going to drop $25-45 on a skin
I think Icebox/Ascent are played extremely differently, especially from an attackers POV.
probably a bug but maybe you pressed x twice quickly so they killed you twice with the same spray
we should cast tik tok into the ocean
His v-card
Play long angles, wait out his smokes, hit the other site, drone/scan him out, flush him out with util, spam him out.
OP is cheating and openly posting on reddit

Clearly some fake lag switch, you see the packet loss going to 100% in sync with the sound (the sound is always a bit delayed)

He clearly has binded a key to disconnect internet and another to reconnect and needs the graph to make sure that he doesn't stay disconnected and kicked from the game by mistake.

Another suspicious factor is the presence of the packet loss alone without the other usuals that people add when they have packet loss.

OP is using external tools to gain an unfair competitive advantage, I hope he gets banned.
Yeah, baiting on another level.

Lower elo players don't know how to work together though, so it's probably not out of egoism.
Dota has this somewhat it's very funny when people can't get out because you have to win games to get out and people are greifing and leaving  but tends to make people more toxic rather than helping.


Turns out putting toxic people you want to reform into a group that is gonna piss them off tends to make that behavior worse.
I’m singlehandedly bringing down Jetts win rate
>plays casually

>immortal
Because we miss agent 8
my iron friend when he kills a diamond player on unrated
Seriously, I'm so upset I can no longer crank my DPI to max, have Sage say "I'm rotating" and then spin and unholy speeds
What rank are you?

 KJ isn't really a run in / entry type of hero. You're suited for retake or flank watch or bomb plant then setup site. 

Now if you're attacking and trying to enter and defuse. I would say the best thing to do is watch your minimap and get a sense of where they could be or if your team mate went heaven then you know it's either hell or door etc.
relatable bro. just warm up more before games
The way it is makes you buy more things because whenever you get a rare thing in your shop even if you don’t necessarily want it that bad you still buy it because you don’t know how long it will be before you get it again.
Mb4, its more comfortable for me than having to reach anywhere on my keyboard and it’s not like my right hand’s thumb is doing anything important lol
I thought that the VCT was already all genders and the female one was the only one restricting males.
You get what you bought at the start of the round. (except the Reyna bug)
Outlaw just came out to be fair. But yeah, Vandal will probably always be the meta weapon from csgo AK meta
A silver smurf 💀💀
Unless you are gonna buy OP on round 3, not buying at 2nd round is stupid
Just keep it as a "feature" lmaoo
This guy is speaking facts
i had a feeling that someone would push right after skye's flash so i took the high risk tp and got my reward :D
Absolutely, both maps were won by just 2 rounds
Hey! I gave this a quick glance while Valorant login queues were down.

Offense:
  - I think you'd benefit a lot from being more vocal about which initiator utility you'd like to use to take space. You frequently get caught out in dry duels without much of an advantage. Calling for skye dog would be super useful.

Defense:
  - Try to establish a plan before the round begins for how you will deal with a rush from the enemy team. Look at your pistol round, and notice at 18:51 where you choose to dry peek into a duel. You'd have a lot more consistent conversion here imo if you tried to set a contact w/ astra.

Overall it felt like you lacked pre-round planning + coordination so you're mostly coin flipping whether or not you get any help from your team, which is going to result in pretty inconsistent performance. Good luck!
I think you took last year's Run and Gun nerfs personally. I'm just thankful this game doesn't have a PP bizon equivalent or I'd hate to go against you.
People who choose not to buy skins but ask strangers to drop them skins should learn to realize that asking does not mean you are entitled to a Yes. I always drop ppl who ask, but not to ppl who are rude to others and even me… like you wanna trash talk me and then later ask for my skin? Nah.
Uhhh should we tell him?
Theres no strategy against awp? how the fuck did you touch radiant lmfao
Wiki
that usually means not a team player.
That is a good reason to play controller lmao
I learned through practice that odin is very situational. in an odin vs vandal, the vandal user has the advantage of speed, repositioning, first bullet accuracy and im trying to use that to my advantage
To be fair, Radiant is just significantly harder today than it was in the past.

I’m sure many people who were legitimately Radiant in the past no longer compete with modern radiants.

I’m not saying he was Radiant, just that I think this piece of evidence isn’t very strong to say he never was. 

I do think if he was he’d have strong evidence of it. Eg a link to a video of him topfragging a Radiant lobby. I think his unwillingness to show that lends strong credibility to the fact that he never was Radiant.
you slowed it down yourself and still can't see that he had it before you shot?
huh wtf
No way...  
Gamers don't look back ig
It does make sense. Indeed he can't be revived, and that's not a problem: he dies in the end, makes sense.

It adds a layer of strategy: if Kay/o has his ult, don't use your ult as Iso, except if you know you're not gonna hit him. Most of the time, Iso players use their ults randomly, without information, at the start of rounds: this will maybe teach them to think before using it.
Bro apologize to that man he didn't deserve it 🤣
ADS increases the first shot accuracy of some guns. For example, you will miss a lot less one-taps with the Vandal if you ADS. Unscoped Vandal can miss a bit at long ranges even when your crosshair is 100% perfectly on target.
as a viper main I always use my util every round of I don’t get killed right away. I generally play more safely so I can use mollys at post plant
It should still break the walls, but your prowler slided off strongly, maybe thats the reason.
[deleted]
What knife isn't tho lmao
Not including kuronami bc I haven't used it yet but:

1. Prelude 
2. Araxys
3. Prime (ol' reliable)
4. Reaver
5. RGX
This crosshair is thicker than my wiener
I find it very impactful, and I think it makes the game much more boring. Limiting many plays and game styles for no gain whatsoever. They finally buffed Sage by nerfing their own game.
Altitude lmao
yeah she said she would rather drink her own poison then go out for dinner and dancing with him.
who the fuck plays office
they should've used the cha cha real smooth emote instead.
That's exactly what it is, report and they'll get banned.
You’re exactly right. Unfortunately while YouTube and other forms of content can be a great resource for improving it also fucks up a lot of peoples perspectives and gives people delusional ways of looking at things on a large scale. That’s because YouTube rewards content creators for making the most clickbaity bullshit so it’s full of only extremes like everything is always “OP, broken, busted, insane, Radiant, FaceIt 10, whatever.” Everything always has to be the best and greatest or it is useless. Therefore if you’re Ascendant or something you’re a clueless bot… according to the YouTubers (with 6k hours on the game that play it every waking moment of their lives and depend on your clicks to keep themselves fed)
standard cypher gameplay: being the last one alive on the other side of the map after the enemy planted
Just make it stop like harbour
what was enemy team doing lol
U cheating
I love how they allways increase the cost of the abilitys when reducing the amount of charges.
it used to have a hookah in the room and afaik it's named hookah in-game like on the map unless im going insane
Rotating!

(hit DPI button, become helicopter)
Technically yes, but in diamond+ elo a lot of people will literally say “omen play off my contact I have 3 HP.” Trying to strategically guarantee the trade. Trading and baiting are all very situational.
He is 20 years old, that's the worst part.
You're panic shooting. You need to take a step back and shoot on lower difficulty. Shoot only when the crosshair is on the target. Aiming consists of flicking to target and micro adjusting then clicking the mouse, on this video you shoot before you even fully flick to the target. 

You need to be patient, start by slowly aiming on practice mode where bots don't disappear until you kill them. Then do easy bots
I stopped spraying vandal and crouching.

Now i just burst fire and move side to side. I noticed i mostly win gunfights now even 2 vs 1.
Bomb A does not exist for Attack side
I've always felt like it should be a game mode where every agent is broken
Pro player who was regarded as one of the best last year but is currently in a slump
Ghost for me.   


I grew up playing Black Ops 1 and 2 and would always run around with either a surpressed 1911 or the Tac-45 surpressed. It just brings me back to those days and I just love pistols in general.
It’s applicable in the sense of mechanical constraints
That’s like making a post about how you like Macaroni then saying you hate cheese in the comments.
Maining a weapon is questionable
Gamepass gives you instant access to all agents so the XP boost is kinda moot at that point.
Funniest I've seen was Sage wall + Brim ult in a teleporter. 

Whole enemy team teleports to A site in Bind, Sage walls them in and Brim opens up the sky.

Recent thing that I did was my Deadlock wall + Literally any molly, I think it was Viper's at the time

In Sunset, enemy pushed in and plants the spike, I threw my wall in and it locked them in one pocket, molly got thrown in, and unless you got a teleport skill on you or if you're Jett, you'd be dancing around until you die.
It was 6-6 on fracture and two of our players disconnected. We decided to play on since it was unrated and we won the game 13-11. I got 45 kills, our sova got 34, and the friend I was playing with got 16. We were so happy though cause it literally seemed impossible.
No problem!  Controversies always get more visibility than whatever follows, so it makes perfect sense it could have passed you by if you don't actively consume his content.
Ni hao
Clean, ICU at a hospital level clean.
because even they don't like playing with french people 😂
>I'm confused, in the video it shows him gaining points in max rank.

Yeah, because he finally reached that rank.

Here, let me clear up the confusion with this reddit post here:

https://old.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/125rei7/run_and_gun_to_radiant_1/

Some things to notice here in this post.  First off, its the same guy.  Take a look at OPs name in both reddit posts. 

You can also notice within the first 2 seconds of the video, that he ranks UP TO Gold 1. 

This means we can come to the conclusion that he was in fact, playing in SILVER lobbies.

To be even more clear:  This is a Radiant player shitting on Silvers, Golds, Plats, Diamonds, and Immortals.  Thats a lot of games ruined for a lot of people.
Why not Sova on Split? I normally play Skye over Sova on that one, but not for any reason I can really articulate. I just like Skye on that one.
Give her more slide charges like they did for Yoru.
Yeah he says stuff like "he got one"
the amount of graphs you have looks like ur gonna hack someone 😭
Their best 👊
My radiant friend gave me this advice when I was in b1, 2 months later, I am D1 currently. When you breathe, focus your mind on clicking on the head and peek-clear angles one at a time. Worked for me
the community. 

very easy to shit on.
Bro is the one who knocks
Was confused where deadlock was even from during the trailer until it said where.
Base your personality and value as a human off of your rank and start harassing everyone you meet who is lower ranked than you. If they are higher ranked they got lucky or were boosted. The end.
I think like 5 or 6 but If I was really situated and wanted to play prolly 10 max. 26 is just insane tho man holy shit how do you not get burnt out
It’s like the 4th set with the hell we’re getting
Exactly.
And you might add that the trend is absolutly more on self sufficient agents like jett, reyna, clove, sage OR high damage ones like Viper, raze, Phoenix.

Breach lack the most important things as an initiator (intels) and the only things he does hits teammates too.
That's the raid boss? In my case they're a liability on my team cause they either play like they want to throw or they just kill everyone and half the enemy team leaves.
Man, Ascent’s been in rotation since it came out?
Usually people won’t spray the smoke and if they do it gives your team who SHOULD be walking in after free kills as they’ll be looking at you and giving away there position. Honestly the hardest part especially in your rank is getting your teammates to push in with you.
Yeah, it should improve overtime. Just look at the demons in cs. A lot of people might have low rank, but with hundreds of hours you will inevitably be a better player.
Well, no one is stopping you from doing it.

You will get banned though. So definitely not recommend. And it's honestly stupid.
I dont even think he’s challenger in league guys…

Allegedly even though woohoojin advertises that he’s Challenger in league, he was only challenger in flexQ, but was only Diamond 4 in soloQ

The val equivalent would be like 5 stacking with lower ranked players to get to radiant.. but in league it’s even worse because flexQ is considered much less serious than soloQ

Also, careerVal said the same thing on his tiktoks and he got cooked for it

[careerVal calling out woohoojin](https://vt.tiktok.com/ZSFauQ8p7/)
[charlatan (another radiant coach) defending banana](https://vt.tiktok.com/ZSFauC8tG/)
I mean this is when it is supposed to be good, against low/no armor opponents. Show me some full armor shenanigans and maybe then its broken.
Draw is not waste of time. You denied a loss. Which is still a win
agree, will look into it
Technically speaking every agent can control the game like a puppet master

  
If you have good breach, it can make entry easier and retakes also  
If you have a good kayo, you can pop open a site like a can of soda

If you have a good cypher, you can control how much time enemy has to waste in entering the site or funnel them to the other site 

If you have a good lineup agent like Sova, viper, KJ, you can dictate the spike defuse timings and plant spots for enemies (deny them the safety of default plant) 

  
and so on
 i mostly played with friends so i was having fun its okay
Yeah idk why theres such a large portion of the playerbase that doesnt want to play as a team nor understands the concept of non fragging impact. 

I think your title could just say playing at low ranks is miserable for the same reasons.
unrelated-ish but that neo frontier variant and prime variant look clean af together.
rng
Yea i was hoping they would, sick of new breeze, i liked the old one a lot more.
When i sweat for 10 rounds and i realised its unrated. I kept comming hard and try to make the team atmosphere supportive. 💀💀
I sew my name in a title too "skill issue"
Dude I love this thank you
Definitely. 

But they can always balance the 2v2 gamemode differently than in the 5v5 team-based mode. 

For example; they can make it so each round each player has to pick atleast 1 Duelist and 1 Sentinel, and then change it for every round- so the next round may be having 1 Controller and 1 Initiator. You get my point.
I think he's making a joke about the layoff? idk
xenohunter, it’s just basic, but satisfying to use
I thought you could plant anywhere on the map
Hes prolly just a dogshit player with bad fundamentals so it shows sometimes
If you delete this post noone will find it lol
And then they sent him back in time to stop things from getting to that point in the first place. Kayo is literally the Terminator.
Im a new player, but I've been getting frustrated with ending up on the same map 3-4 times out of a 5-6 game night. 

I played 3 comp games and 2 swifties last night and I got icebox 4 times.
He probably got the idea from csgo.
Whole lotta fluff that I would write in my college essay
Sure buddy, I’ll see what I can do
the hard throw
As
lmao what do you think this is? a team game? keep dreaming
I had someone in the voice chat say they were active military and another person say they are a veteran. Then another person who said they were 14 asked if they 360 no scoped someone irl.
Wait u got valorant for free?? I had to pay $1000 for mine. (Pls help)
Average British interaction:
one long tap
The well of Valorant content went dry ages ago. Mostly riots fault. No replay system and limited custom options. The games been out for over 3 years and there’s still no 1v1 maps.
This is just insane. Viper and Omen are clearly a cut above. I don't think omen needs nerfs - they just need to buff astra and Harbor. Viper needs tweaks, and she needs a real alternative to her
Nah actually the archetype of looks evil but is actually a sweetheart is one of my favorites.
The fact they have dodge penalty’s but won’t instill a map ban vote is so stupid. Or let me choose the maps I want like CS2.  

It’s just an insane decision
I know a mom like your mom who banned her son from playing Val. He actually designed some skins, and won some VP, and his mom still wouldn’t let him play. Dude lost a whole set of friends this school year. 

Good thing Valorant is… free to play.
I feel like we shout be getting a night market announcement by now right?
That we can hold site. The amount of times I’ve begged my team to hold site after we’ve planted spike or when we’re waiting for the other team to attack, and then they go off and give 1v1s and we lose what should have been an easy 1v3
its an overlay
I'm Silver 1 and yesterday, somehow our entire team was communicating with voice-chat and everyone was nice to eachother. :D

Seems like it's possible afterall, it's just way more rare than it should be.🤷
If you plan on wideswinging anyway the peeking disadvantage doesn’t really matter and it gives more you angular speed. And it throws off enemies CH placement
You can still grind out xp to get agents you don't have to use kingdom credits.

EDIT: mb I thought you still could but apparently you can't :/
It was always breeze because it's way too big but now I think it might be abyss for the same reason. The attacking team can rush a site and if your team is split it could take at least 20 seconds of full running to get to the other side and that's hoping they aren't pushed up to shoot you as your sprinting for the other site. Plus people randomly falling off and losing a round because we are down a person is pretty lame.
CheesecakeLover202 did nothing wrong
The only reason I don’t use it over the 2021 karambit, the 2023 knife is better in every other aspect though
If we are being honest that is life. You are never going to have infinite good games. But to put it into perspective let’s throw you in a very low elo lobby, you will stomp them 100%. Just remember that you are inherently always better than at least 10,000 people. Also pros, who get paid to play, have terrible games too in front of millions of people all the time.

Your life doesn’t depend on if you lose or win. Your life depends on if you are actually getting better.
Yes as a yoru main I usually call out if the enemy yoru has his tp placed somewhere so my team can know.
Quite cool and refreshing map to play

BREEZE HATERS, ASSEMBLE!!!!!
Her trips being completely bypass-able alone makes her really weak, which is a shame because a sound sensor is a really cool idea in theory
I help moderate a discord server of mostly over 25 year olds who play valorant. We are pretty chill and play pretty consistently. Feel free to drop in. We are all mostly N.A. but have a couple Europeans in the group.  We do customs on Fridays and have some premier teams based out of the server. We represent all ranks from iron to immortal so anyone is welcome. 


https://discord.gg/KK3TQqMA
small indie company, it must be impossible/difficult for riot to implement it /s
He's put the downpayment for it but has a few more installments before he gets access
I actually think Cypher would be the most banned in middle ranks, everyone I play with hates that agent
I too bought the bundle…. Yes he is right…. But nothing is more insulting than getting beat over the head with a wand from Sailor Moon.
Already better than my ranked teammates
"HALLO TYEAM" in the most russian accent you could possibly do.
I don't say it, just that it is very common from my teammates.
Clove and Omen are basically duelists with smokes
the cia could not have gotten this information out of me 💀
Bro did u Play 20h plus straight xd?
I was in a 1v5 situation as a Gekko and managed to kill 4 enemies and plant the spike.

I got my ult up from the plant and had info where the last guy was, so I ulted them succesfully.

I then ran to them to get a knife kill, but accidentally used the left click instead of a right click.

I turned away thinking that the knife hit would kill them (which it obviously didn't) and then died to them as they got their gun back and lost the round.
U mean bronze 3 right?  Going from bronze 2 to 1 is bad
Why did bro get downvoted 😭. Ma man was just looking for friends to play with him . Reddit smh
Yeah the amount of times I've had to play out a game because someone thinks they voted but didn't is ridiculous. WHY THE FUCK WOULD THERE NEED TO BE A VOTE!?
What’s up with the vines at the end?
"EVERYBODY THANK WINGMAN, COME ON, LETS HEAR IT"
My favorite is smurfs that complain about the team and are like “my main is diamond” ok so you purposely made a new account and put time into leveling it up and throwing games to get into silver and you’re mad that the silvers play like silvers?
This game has by far the biggest ego problem of any game I've played and that includes Dota
P sure there won’t be any new one ways either since they just use the brim ui
Just what seems to happen when contentifying coaching, they start putting content above actively helping the people they're supposed to be coaching. Numbers go up, money comes in, greed and ego take over. Same shit happened with Jollz, he actually used to be somewhat helpful and informative and is now just a brain rot "knife only to radiant" channel.
I once had a trolling trio que of teenagers using voice changers who were insta grabbing spike and sage walling it off in a corner. I didn’t play the rest of the match because I was writing a riot ticket on them.
o no theyre cute
Also the number of "Brim mains" who know every Perry2N lineup but not even the most basic execute smokes is way too goddamn high
Aziz
There’s so many content creators who have created Smurf accounts it’s insane. IitzTimmy, yay, kaemi, tenz, tarik, curry, the list goes on. I don’t think we will see any change until more content creators take a stand against smurfing, but they don’t seem to care.
Wait...
Now this is a Reddit post
I can count how many grind rewards I got for playing thousands of hours in CS1.6 and CSS on 0 hands.
Buffing her wall so it can be placed pre-round and that it goes through the map was probably the single best QoL change they made for any agent in the game so far
Still doesn't change the fact that he's ranked way higher than me and speaks some sense even if he's not as advertised. 

That being said, I really don't like his style of coaching though
They just don't care, as long as the skins sell and the players eat it up, why put any more effort?
Idk if its just me but ever since ive gotten used to the game i just dont buy the spectre anymore. Stinger is better for close range eco strats and bulldog is better for a force buy in every way
Now somebody gotta see if his lichess or chesscom accounts are boosted
wait i also started at iron and have a bit over 1500... are you perhaps me?
Exactly, I don't think anyone would try to *slice* a kayo knife.
They should’ve swapped the maps, no one is enjoying the current map pool.
I think it will be a Vandal as well. Riot knows that the main rifles sell well, especially if it’s something special and limited time like the champion sets. As for the melee there is a lot they could do, it’s probably going to be something new though (not a butterfly or karambit like the last sets).
This is the reason. It makes you angry, trolls just wanna piss you off.
“I AM PROMETHEUS…. and you, are just a god” -Cypher
Basically any cypher voice lines are amazing, but that’s my favorite
If they’re like ~30 hp left i don’t think it’s unreasonable to call 1hp since it’s body shot with most guns
saying he isnt that good isnt hating
but then out of nowhere they can use it to talk shit after a missplay. that shit has me fuming
Wtf is that logic
Does it work if you die inside the ISO ult?

^(/j)
Oh, you must be talking about sun simulator
As a controller main this makes me happy
So is jett the wraith of this game
ohhh thats a good idea

Im guessing it stops working after bronze though haha
I imagine it's going to be exactly the same (maybe a little better), but only if you log in every day and play. If you don't, I bet it's going to be slightly longer to encourage people to log in every day and play a few matches.
WE'RE DEAD!
Almost every game with guns have three bullet burst. This is so weird, no wonder the recoil is atrocious
X thing to radiant is just bad content, and if someone constantly does that type of content then I find them annoying
So if they added RR compensation, are you okay with losing 20RR a few days after you win a game with a cheater on your team?

How many cheaters do you encounter that would make this actually a problem? I have played Valorant since beta and I have only ever seen 2 of those red cheater found screens.
Idk if you mean it like this but it would be awesome if you buy a battlepass and have forever to finish it
I keep forgetting it has 2 bullets, I use it like a Marshal
Honestly, I'm more happy about the acknowledgement of his shift in attitude than the boosting thing.
How the fuck does that hit and I miss when I'm standing still, 1 tapping, ADS a standing still target with my centre dot crosshair on his nose at point blank range?
Blossom Bubbles Buttercup (powerpuff girls)


Proton Electron Neutron


Red Yellow Green (stoplight)


Squirtle Bulbasaur Charmander (pokemon)


Brittany Jeanette Eleanor (chipettes from Alvin n the chipmunks)


Alex Sam Clover (totally spies)


Brick Straw Wood (3 little pigs)


Past Present Future
But don't you usually look around if you hear the omen tp 😅
Zmjjkk
Much needed, luckily I'm on pc though
devastating
I felt like the higher in Immortal the less people cared “comming is cringe its just ranked bro” and everyone just ego peeks hold W because its “just ranked”. Above Immortal 3 that tended to happen to me alot, and also solo queing VSing pro duos destroying us
I think you overestimate immortals
“Their feelings are hurt, Their feelings are hurt”
More on the return to the normal. A new game too and I think it's just the anticipation of the return of the internet cafes. By the way you sound like you are from the Philippines hahaha
It's true that both guns only takes 1 headshot to kill anyone, including full armor. but the difference lies in the scenario that you miss the headshot, with a Vandal you miss the headshot and you can spray the body. But the Guardian shoots slower than the Vandal giving it a disadvantage in a duel. (And if the Vandal user has good gunfight hygiene they will be shooting 2 shoots for every shot you throw)

Personally i wouldn't scold you for using the Guardian instead of the Vandal, but i would expect you to hit your headshots
I’ve gotten it nearly 50+ times now in ascendant to immortal elo in the last year maybe it’s not an issue for you but it’s very much an issue for me 

And yes I don’t mind losing elo for unfairly gained rr as well
Plus new accounts after a small pass type thig gets 2 free character unlocks
and halfway the match they are like LOL you're bottom frag duelist... not understanding it's your job to go in get info and die (and get a kill if you're lucky) so you can get traded and your team gets space
Clearly because every time I have a chamber on my team he’s bot fragging
The real answer
He isn't perfect, but since I got the grip of the kit I felt so "powerful" lol.

The skills works so well together, and it makes sense... It's a crew after all. But I give credit to our girl Skye too 😅
If someone without headphones / audio is in the same rank as you… I think you have bigger issues lmao
>if you really need vision on them it's not always ideal

And that's not really even an issue with Viper as she can drop her smokes at-will.
Which server is this???!!
Cuz i want to let his duo know i want to get pegged too 😂😂
Pick the character you want to play. That’s it. That’s how you deal with it.
The sun set
Damn you're the reason I've lost my last 9 games in a row
Riot really wants everyone to know that Scottish people call naps “kip” sometimes.
Silver. Maybe gold.
Oh man
I just started playing him as well and I usually go by the ~~cumming~~ spitting sound but never noticed the voicelines.
Your teammates will also be Iron though so you’re good. If they didn’t deserve you as a teammate they’d be matched with higher ranked players! 

All that to say don’t think you’re a liability.
More likely, but queue times are prioritized over stacks.
"Blo— deployment failed"
"Bar— deployment failed"
Me on Sova: "I'm gonna drone"

My team: *peaks before drone and dies to OP*

Me: *shocked Pikachu face*
When Reyna blinds, she screams “Calendar Vision”
Ascent wishes it could be half as good as either of those maps
Its high time they implement a map select feature now :)
Killing cypher off once again 👏👏
He's Fr*ch, that's a given
Apex still has a lot going for it. Free to play players can earn a ton of really cool skins through normal grinding and battle passes. The battle pass also gives you enough credits to buy the next one when you complete it if you get the premium pass (but the free battle pass still gives premium  currency throughout meaning do enough free ones and you can start buying the premium ones permanently for free as long as its your main game. )

Imo valorant has the worst value battlepass. It gives you no premium currency, and there are no worthwhile skins to unlock. 

Free to play gives you almost nothing in valorant compared to other games, and the premium battlepass is frankly awful.
Shots 1-5: Clearly missed.  
Shots 6-9: Missed due to recoil (bad spray control).  
Shots 10-11: Very close, but recoil and inaccuracy make these reasonable misses.  
Shot 12: Likely didn't actually fire because you were already dead.
It probably is a bug but it's been around for so long it's basically a feature
Ok so he wants fortnite in valorant got it, unfortunately its not that type of game. Its also in very poor taste to talk about how valorant is neglected similar to tf2 yet can still get updates every patch with new maps new agents when in the dark ages of tf2 it went untouched for 2000 days with no new content. And even when comparing tf2 to valorant. Even with the massive content drought in tf2. Someone those content creators were still able to make good enjoyable content. Is it really a valorant problem?
That's awesome. I didn't know that. Thanks for sharing.
map dependent
I've really enjoyed playing Clieva. Very cool design
*You’re
The camera nerf is absolutely not necessary. The delayed reactivation time seems fair since it's bit too quick atm, and I don't think the other trip nerf will affect him much. But the camera: you get an audio note when he enters and exit, you see it on the minimap and on your screen, and he can't even place it all that high. This just feels like handholding for lazy or very new players.
Is everyone supposed to automatically know what you know?
It’s definitely a statement.
It’s not smudging like all the comments say lol, it’s because people below gold will shift peek around corners and my grandma could one tap you if you shift peek around corners. Learn how to full speed strafe without making noise and you’ll instantly level up
I like saying gg ez when I bottom frag horribly 😂
niceeee. my ascendant friend says this is bronze i say plat LOL
You party with someone playing sage, usually a noob. You then lurk alone the the sage. The sage only heals and revives you and nobody else, even if the other players are more viable.
Its not about kills or MVP, even it gives you a better feeling.

Its how important those kille were you got. 

Youre queuing with those people because ure close to bronz and enemy reyna is bronz 1, so your MMR is pretty similar
I think they’re essential on every map, breeze for example is unplayable without smokes. I guess you could use other util to cover your site execs on split since it’s more of a close quarters map, but it would still be difficult
In low elo there are significantly less one taps than in high elo. That is the only reason I can think of.
Well Jett’s got a dash so he has a safety net with it. Reyna requires a kill to dismiss so I understand why he’d play more cautious with her. Plus, the knives + updraft is just broken if you have aimbot for hands
With the reset we’re playing with people who were boosted to high asc immortal a lot more and they don’t have the skill or comms to back it up. It’ll all smooth out over the next couple of weeks. I don’t understand reset cause boosters will still boost. It doesn’t do anything but make the game more toxic at end and beginning of reset.
this I noticed in some games too, both teams did not have a brimstone
Are you using Fraps? You can use NVIDIA Shadowplay for recording videos without the initial FPS counter on the top left if you have a nvidia card.

Anyway, you did very well. I've never seen Odin on split though, I assume you are from a lower rank, still... Nice job, keep up the good work!

Ref: immo 3
Yeah. I’m here to run Odin round 2 and have fun.
TenZ just hit Valorant!
What the odin doing
I mean iso and gekko were cool. Deadlock is very meh tho
You'd rather have 5 guys securing site and 1 wingman planting than 4 guys securing site and 1 guy planting.

The Gekko you played with probably doesn't understand how to play Gekko. Especially because  wingman is recoverable utility and you'd rather assist your team by getting a free plant than going for spineless concussion kills.
Everyone mentions the run and gun but he's immortal because of those nasty flashes.
Same problem, started playing after three years and almost everyone in the match(teammates included) started saying "sage stop spam", someone even reported me apparently. I was absolutely confused until I had someone tell me nowadays it's a pretty hated gun
My friends and I have had issues with an ‘imissher’ variant being hella sexist on Sydney servers
That only works against neon tho cuz most people wouldn't run through that fast.
Dude, of course he’s a narcissist. Even in youtube videos that are edited and curated to cut out whatever he doesn’t want, it’s still apparent that he haaaaates anyone thinking that he’s wrong. Even if it’s a miscommunication he goes to extreme lengths to justify why he’s right. Good, well-rounded content for those new to the game, but he’s always come off as having a bit of a complex.
Yeah, I still play CS for the gunplay, cases and to play with my friends, but to play solo? Nah, fuck that.

I think the only aspect of high-level Valorant I dislike are the lineups. There are too many of them and almost all of them are unnecessarily complicated.
And the perfect melee skin for this.
Timing. I see bronze players often lose the round before they even start retake. Be conscious of bomb time, enemy rotation timing, etc. Be suspicious of any info you dont have; if there are 4 just sitting in a choke and you havent seen the 5th for 20 seconds, watch your back.



Stop dying on defense. Make them come to you.


Dont try and 5 man push through a smoke, trip, molly and grenade.


If you do lurk, be expedient. It can win rounds but you need to make a difference before your team dies. And let them know, "wait for a second i have flank"
This. I have some good days with insane aim and some days i just cant shot and its because i often move like a noob or press some moving button while shooting or peek bad or bad deadzoning etc
Stinger. 

Trust me guys practice the stinger in DM’s and you get free eco round frags.

Not feeling your aim today against the radiant Reyna Smurf? Close range stinger him.

Feeling like the Smurf today but lost pistol round? Stinger at long range.

Any single round on defense? Stinger fucks them up.

1100 for an essentially guaranteed kill in a 50 50 close range, with the high chance to pick up their gun, and also double kill potential. Don’t sleep on it. Win.
As a fellow ex- cypher main, I wanna give you a tip! So don't ever place the good kill trips on basic rounds. Like pistols and all. Always place them on rounds where they have a lot of winning potential. I'll explain you am example. Ascent A site the long trip in main. I didn't place it for 4 rounds. Then the enemy had raze ult, gekko ult and clove ult. They thought I don't place it so they basically tried to walk in site. One trip, bam headshot, second trip bam headshot. They didn't even expect it to be there. Third guy cleared it then tried to walk in, got hit by the gen to main wall trip trying to close the door. Their economy got ruined, 3 of their ult weren't able to use and we got a basically free round. Then they had to do anything eco and waste all 3 ult to get one round but then we till then we had our money rolling and kept out gunning them the whole half! That's how you make the impact most as cypher. Put them in places where people never expect it! One more example? Alright, split b site, never ever place a kill trip in main for all rounds they'll start raze nading it and get entry for free. Instead, put one on site, default to ct wall trip and play CT spawn. They will never expect it and always trigger the trip and then you can just activate your cage and get a free pick.
You didnt get 1 tapped by the bottom frag flanking you. Doeznt count.  But i do agree with this video lol
Most of the maps use their earliest layouts. Icebox still uses the layout where Yellow is crooked.
the fact that they give so few things without spending money leaves a bad taste in everyone's mouth, it feels like there isn't really any progression, and now that they're adding it, it's just old stuff, they could do so much and they do so little
Cope imo, I like white themed guns and reaver ain’t true white like the Kuronami bundle
Yeah it’s usually I’ll jump on and go right into a ranked. By first round I can tell if it’s an on or off day and that determines if I’m gonna que up again. Somedays I’ll try again after a bad 1st game but that’s usually the days I’ll lose the most rr.
Clove isn't confirmed to be trans, just non-binary.

As for Gwen, while she did have a "Protect Trans Kids" poster in her room (nice) and, if you stretch far enough, her story could have been considered an _allegory_ for trans identities, her identity hasn't been explicitly discussed throughout the films.

That being said, I still think Clove and Gwen would get along nicely :D
these same people think kills are all that matters and would often prefer kills over securing a round. I was surprised to find out how many players play like this.
did you just......run through the wall??
This notification is for the feature as a whole. Although it premiers with Valorant, it’ll be used for things like WOW (maybe) that does
They killed her 💀
My pet hate in Valorant is when teammates don't communicate at all—no callouts, no info, just silence.
Well to start you wiffed the flash lol.

  
Overhand throw it if you are going to be that far back.
And you didnt notice the line? 

Hmmmmmmm
Drop me the op
Drop me the awp
I always tend to mute people pretty fast. Not wasting my time with bullshit when I try to play the game.
Wingman could make the grapefruit technique sound and I swear my ranked teammates would still not hear a thing
You know, sometimes I'm really glad that a lot people have no idea that not using ADS on the Odin is extremely troll.
They don't become visible until a short distance away from the player they are targeting, they became visible behind the gen from your cameras perspective
I main bot frag, tips for: bait teammates and still whiff on the trade kill. Tips against: be on the lookout for weird positions as we'll try anything to get kills
do these head shots always end in a dink?
Viper- “come”
Hell yeah, I like the role seperation. But I'm missing the agent information now. Although that could be fixed by making the F1 screen available during picking phase too.
Def how I play Reyna… def doesn’t mean it translates to success although that’s probably more on me lmao
Xerofang vandal and prelude to chaos vandal, xerofang just feels so on point it felt heavy but won't make it hard to control unlike gaia or araxys, i honestly felt my bullet going where i want it to go using xerofang, and for prelude to chaos, i think it is because the tapping noise it make encourage me to spray less and tap heads
Very neat,

But I cannot imagine agent/skills skins in a game already that colorful, and where the color is an important factor of your next move.
Both will be toxic saying that you a breach with 40 assits 2 kills and 9 deaths is the reason of why we are losing and not that the guy is delivering the round to get/try to get 2 kills
Viper (Real Name: Sabine K. Callas)
they are getting more early (imo impact) kills while you’re doing a lot of cleanup comparatively
I think it will be painful for iso the first few times but he will get used to it
If you are solo winning most games in Asc you are not boosted
Yea it's normal.

* 2020: 3 agents (Reyna, Killjoy, Skye)
* 2021: 4 agents (Yoru. Astra, Kayo, Chamber)
* 2022: 3 agents (Neon, Fade, Harbor)
* 2023: 1 + 2 unreleased agents (Gekko)

3 agents per year seems to be the standard, and IMO is a good pace for releasing agents. I doubt we'll see 4 agents in one year again like 2021 though.
Skye and breach with 3 flashes 💀
Bless up.
Yeah hidden elo is stupid.  Just give the player the rank they deserve instead of making them artificially grind for it by playing against their hidden elo anyways.
I looked at your profile and it seems like you are 12-13, so the chance is high that you have an annoying voice. That is probably the main reason
Raze dying to fall damage just to deliver the spike is still a 10/10 moment
Bro doesn't know what a ninja defuse is lmao
most of the map does have a railing around it, but of course there are several places you can just walk off of and a Yoru tp would fall off of. I watched Ethos' video on the new map today and he seemed to be playing Yoru just fine on it
Hence why riot decided to push people out of immortal. Lot of these fuckers were just aimers that had little to no game sense
Same thing goes with the Spike. I’ve seen too many people with full ultimate orbs defuse/plant the spike instead of letting their teammates do it if someone else who doesn’t have their ultimate has a chance
That would be a crazy channel huh? Videos where it's just people and they game name saying the worst things in voice
This reminded me of this post



KAY/O's former uses

 So, as we all know, the agent Killjoy is a genius inventor who is the mind behind many technological weapons for the Kingdom organization. She has quotes implying that she built everything on the playable battlefield, especially the ones trying to kill them. This includes Kingdom technologies such as the spike, a detonating weapon used for stealing all the radianite within the vicinity of the blast zone. She also created the arm tablet used by the agent Brimstone, a soldier for the Kingdom organization.  Now, for KAY/O. KAY/O is an automated killing machine from our very own Kingdom organization. But who in the Kingdom organization is specialized in robotics? That would be killjoy, the inventor and user of two different drones used for combat. It all adds up, right? But here's what doesn’t make sense. Why does this robot wear pants? The training ground robots don’t have any pants, and there's nothing there. So really, there’d be nothing for him to hide. Unless, there was.  It’d only make sense for KAY/O to cover up if he had something to cover up. This is why it's almost certain the KAY/O android has had uses besides killing. More specifically, KAY/O had to have been a sex robot designed and used by Killjoy. This is also the reason for its human-like appearance. A robot built for war would have weapons built in, would it not? But it doesn’t. Why would it have weapons built in if it was built for keeping company with a lonely girl in a workshop?
breach ulting isthe funniest part
Probably 1 shot kill for half shields.
Tbh.

I feel like anyone who doesn’t say breach simply has not played against a good breach player. A good breach player will make you question why you bother playing the game.
0;c;1;s;1;P;c;1;h;0;0t;4;0l;1;0o;1;0a;1;0m;1;0s;0.045;0e;0.083;1o;2;1a;1;1m;0;1f;0
It was probably the Phoenix shouting on comms "RES ME SAGE!! RES ME SAGE"
I’ve met people with lvl 200+ Smurfs. Just bought accounts
insane rush of dopamine when your knife mark is the highest amongst all your teammates. do not question the elevated one.
Probably Overwatch players
So he’s just a loser, basically, ok
Only buying light armour is a valid strategy, many pros do it often cause the extra cash saved really does add up. The main issue you'll run into is dying to util that you would've otherwise survived.

They also added the outlaw to combat this exact strategy but tbh it doesn't seem much play outside of anti-eco rounds in which case you usually won't have the choice to go for heavy armour anyway.

In conclusion, on a map like breeze or icebox, yes you can generally get away with mostly buying light.
Lol the difference between the Reddit and the YouTube comments is astounding. Everyone on YouTube loves the concept. Meanwhile Reddit is over here saying that “it’s boring”
This only indirectly answers your question but it's a thought I've been having.

League has 5 roles, and every role has Champions who are strong in those roles. You aren't required to pick somebody who "belongs" in your lane, but there is enough variety within each role that it's not a burden to pick somebody that fits the team comp. I can play a fast, acrobatic fighter, a ranged fighter, or a tank that scales to be unstoppable. Support could focus on healing, crowd control, or raw damage. Basically, your role doesn't define how you play.

Valorant has 4 roles. And certain roles are kind of expected to live long enough to support the team. You need your smokes player alive for the hit, and you need your sentinel to play conservatively on defense to hold down a site.

I don't think Riot likes the way Valorant is, and I think they want it to be a lot more similar to League, where your role doesn't define your playstyle. They want a smokes player to be able to entry with his team, it's why they made Harbor. They want a Sentinel to be able to deny space in an aggressive manner, thats what they thought with Deadlock. It hasn't really worked, but I think that could be part of their thought process.
Its definitely more to just force people to play since it doesn't actually reset mmr or do anything. It just means if you don't pkay you're fucked come next act.
Blessing for the ones at 3
“Yeah I can see people through walls, but I don’t pay attention to it.” Is how that sounds.
wouldve been pretty cool if you could get screenshots of the replay system UI
Yes but not always, idk about lower rank but a lot of time lurkers and sentinels who are planning to lurk on second round keep their pistol only buying full shield and util. This is especially strong on bind holding the tp on A and maps like haven getting a timing lurk up to B and being able to control that site for your team to rotate or catch off enemies rotates. Even if they die or get traded, no gun is lost.
Sort of has to do with the fact that Jett is picked a lot, but I feel like I’m going to start having an internal feud every time I hear Jett start to say her “This place is nice..” voice line.
Something tells me there's a lot more to this story lmao
Throw up blind to announce you are entering. Enter. Shoot heads. Break their spirits.

Or

Throw up blind to announce you are entering. Get lasered. Bottom frag. Get cussed out by team.
It has always been there, also it does match the operator.
Aiming in Val is a little easier than in CS, so people hit headshots more often, meaning you die more. 

I really think that once you learn how the game plays, how to use your utility, and how to react accordingly to the enemies’ utility you will be just fine.
And faster reload speed, and faster recovery speed, and the ability to go invisible
I think it was just supposed to be a jumpspot

If it was "taking a shot", bro must be God at timing
They didn't elaborate on the Reyna changes but they worded it as +teamplay -ranked demon, so it might actually nerf the much dreaded Reyna smurfs, or at least not help them. Good.

Neon buffs are a big W. Always overshadowed by Jett and Raze. But unless she can leap over all the CC in the game like they can it will always be difficult to bring them all into harmony.
Chargeback and get her account banned /s 

On a real note, I hope this is satire.
Scanner?

Breach has his own ball jacuzzi.. a testicuzzi
if u cant rank up when 1 in 3 games have bots, 1 in 5 has DC, overall 50% of games with a "easy win" then thats on u guys. 

let me make it clear. as long as u and ur friends do not do this, statistically bots and afks HELP YOU rank up. think about it. if ur playing with a friend, neither of u AFK, and ur not bots, right? then ur team has 3 potential AFK/ bots, while the enemies have 5. almost double. if ur playing trio, its more than double.

iron is a shithole thats for sure. this is where the absolute worst players end up, along with all other junk and trash like bots and ppl who just afk, dont have a monitor, uses the mouse in middle of their laptop to aim... list goes on. if u cant make it out from here, ur the problem. im sorry, but thats just what it is. no need to sugarcoat it. if u cant climb from the lowest rank, that only says something about u, urself, and ur friends. im not trying to be mean here, im typing this because i think u need to hear it. reality doesnt care about ur feelings.

and no, i do not at all believe streamers and youtubers rly is responsible for this. personally, i look at a lot of valorant content, and i have seen extremely little iron to x content. ive seen some x weapon to immortal, but almost all if not all of these start out of a fresh account, making it completely legit and fine.
Yep, and moved all the commands around so u got to RELEARN where everything is -.-
Yup. Still have PTSD from an unrated game with a really good sova who must've gotten at least 4-5 ults that game and I died to it every single time.
Minima would not be minima with effects
everyone on this reddit is gonna say none because this subreddit has a hate boner for reyna, but the REAL answer is reyna is playable on any map really.

If your struggling with retakes i’d suggest coordinating your flashes with whatever teammates you have alive so they can safely swing, you can swing after them and trade/ get a kill to get your heal or dismiss for more picks
"I smell them lurking on B"
We will watch your career with great interest
I think that’s a bug like when he could defuse spike
there was and probably still is a bug in mainly spike rush but also probably swiftplay where if you die to the bomb, you end up getting a really high ACS due to the damage. spike rush also has the golden gun, which deals like 800 damage on headshots or something, so it also ends up skewing ACS as well.
You're either diagonal peeking or shiftpeeking. Do they exist, yes, are they common, no. Especially if you're at a low rank.
was it good for the clip and comedy? fuck yes.

was it an objectively good decision to win the round? fuck no.
I always play a swiftplay. If I play good I’ll play comp until I get bored. If my aim is not good then I play another swiftplay to confirm and if it’s still bad i get off and if it’s decent i’ll play one comp game.
You actually make a great point.
Finally, a freaky agent.
I feel like it'll matter more in games where you're more focused, or actually tracking opponents money and habits, or in the pro scene where you know team/player tendency beforehand. I'm just guessing though.
Now show me the all chat
Jokes on you, I am a bulldog main
>He's a perfect example of an agent not being meant for pro play

Rito took that personally lol. Considering the skye nerfs and the buffs to his flash (faster lock on and pickup) I have feeling that we are gonna see a lot more players use him this VCT season.
Usually the smoke player is one of the last ones onto site.
It depends on *how* you're dying tbh.
Yes, they removed that a few patches back.
If you’re ex-immo just run it down and out aim people
Anyone can frag, but duelists have kits that let them take space aggressively.  Your friend doesn't have a good understanding of what duelists role is if he thinks they are only to frag.
No feet? 😔
Pretty high actually. Vanguard is a great anti-cheat when compared to other games. If you reported them mid game and they were cheating they’d usually be banned quite quickly, however not always. Of course there is always the smallest of chances they weren’t cheating, but if they were I’d put good money on them getting banned
Doesn’t she have the dog for free intel? Haven’t played in a brick so I don’t really have any weight in this conversation
Yeah, it’s all up to personal preferences  like the other guy said. If you like the araxys or any other skin, you’ll probably not get bored of it. Though, there are some cases were people regret buying a skin because they end up disliking it so I’ll always say to my friends: “Buy the skin if you really REALLY like it”
I am not so deep in the lore itself, but Omen was treated as a big enough threat / risk in his recent cinematic. Phoenix's immortality seems a bit more conditional and self contained, where you could reasonably assume that killing him enough times could lead to a permanent death (he could run out of radianite or mana or its equivalent).


From Clove's cinematic, their immortality and powers (especially influencing stuff after death) seems more along the lines of Astra's capability to manipulate spacetime with her gauntlet. Plus, having an ability so similar to Reyna's devour doesn't help their case for being all "good." I think outside of gameplay balancing and in the main canon, they're probably the 2nd most powerful agent behind Astra for those reasons, and that does carry some reasonable risk
I mean, both still crazyyy
loser mentality right here
what? a clickbait title on a dexerto article? oh my
Bro, how is no one mentioning that going 7/22 in a radiant lobby as an iron player is impressive?
He says “thrash got a hit!”
Worth noting is that the streamer has cheated in Apex, R6S and other games before so there was no benefit of the doubt given his previous track record.
Since you're in low elo, it wouldn't be a big deal if you wanted to keep it.
One who is willing to communicate and isn’t immature enough to scream profanities into the mic.
I don't have a problem with battle passes, Valorant just has one of the worst BPs in gaming.

The skins are trash. Basic, boring. Not worth any money.

They should drop the $8 and $12 tier skins... Those should be BP skins.

Just sell $17+ skins in the store.

If they're not going to improve the quality of content unlocking in the BP, it should include credits so if you complete the BP you can get the next BP at no extra charge.

Best thing people can do is just not buy the BP so it encourages them to make changes.
>Deadlick

ayo
Iron, just cause the enemy team seems so lost.
Go search up ascendant console players, shit is sad. Then again it’s still fresh so the rank system needs time to correctly gauge everyone’s rank
hes the only agent that can instantly cast 3 smokes. i think its fine the way it is
you can find it under "competitive", make sure you're in silver-gold rank though
As a Norwegian, I would absolutely love to see an agent from Norway. I wonder what voice lines it would have.
i do but when ever I go for headshot I miss or it hits the chest under the chin
Considering they barely made it WITH them, i would guess so honestly
Smurfs posting content in low elo again
holy shit that looks sick
Yeah in principle its like that, but low elo players are greedy and think they can get away with it 

There are more exceptions but they are not applicable for gold
I don’t think the ELO adjustments for losing or winning work very well tbh.
run and gun only to radiant, I have to prove that aiming is pointless in this game
OP gacha/gambling brain rot
THIS! Please give her back the 5th star, basically every other controller is better and has more tools than her because of the star nerf
I agree
Nah tenz does warmup aimlabs and stuff, I just find it a waste of time. + 500RR is top 1.5k on EU it’s pisslow 🥲
The way I see it, aiming in Valorant is easier but more punishing, especially because aiming is easier for your enemy too. If you outplayed them but miss, they have a higher chance of owning you despite the outplay. 

Conversely, aiming in CS2 is harder but less punishing (if you practice the spray pattern). If you outplay your enemy, they have a lower chance of owning you immediately.
High elo is less than .05% of players? Don't even make your post. It's wrong.
When I think "HOLY SHIT I JUST HIT THE NASTIEST FLICK" and then you rewatch only to see that it was slow as fuck
Jesus Christ.
Yeah, every time you expose yourself to an angle, be mentally and crosshair placement wise ready to kill a player holding from that angle
Kj is map dependent
I will copy this comment in a block note, and pas it on chat when i need it, this man speak truth
They are definitely wrong about this. 
But if you are playing unrated I don't see a problem in limit testing some things so you can learn. Still, their attitude is definitely toxic.
Yoru mains are the definition of work harder not smarter… but eventually that hard work becomes smart work. 

That being said, it’s nearly impossible to rage playing yoru bc 99% of the time fucking up your util is the reason you die and you just cry.
> I left everything about valo

My brother in brimstone this is r/Valorant
If you look at these previews and especially all the recent ones then you will find that there will be no crosshair lmao or it's just a tiny dot. I believe that they have a version of the game where you have aimbot added to the code and also the cross hair always on the head level and they must have made it in such a way. 

Or I must be so wrong and as op said,, they are goated. No crosshair and 100% accurate?? That's damn impressive.
Wad da fack man
Clove is like , if brimstone, Reyna and sage did a threesome and accidentally had a baby
Riot games really out here telling me not to grind their shit currency because it's pointless LMAO
uncovering what was explained since the very first night market appearance this generation is cooked
I'm having many more issues than just comms. I can't even get people to use their util or do what their agent is supposed to do. In one game today, I had a Reyna never use a blind and an omen never smoke with a Jett watching flank and not entering.

What am I supposed to do with that?
Leviatán rolled NRG, so the twitter people who talk shit woke up. Demon1 said he would “take care of Aspas” prior to the match but got diffed, which added extra fuel to the usual D1 haters. Overall just classic twitter people getting too invested in banter and going crazy.
I'm not big on hating on players but BopLover1 had me in stitches lmao
It's so funny because people always want what they don't have. It doesn't matter which map it is, when x map is out of rotation people go "Oh I miss this map, I wish it was back, it was so fun" and then once said x map is in the pool and y map is out of rotation, it's the same thing over and over again
nice clip but may I ask whos flatlining in the back?
I don't think they're bored, they're just afraid of over/undercooking yet again. Let's look at the whole roster at release state:

* Sage - Wildly OP, nerfed to oblivion

* Cypher - Average at best, buffed significantly

* KJ - Absolutely bonkers, nerfed incrementally

* Chamber - Absolutely bonkers, nerfed to obvlion

* Deadlock - Undercooked, got light buffs and is now playable, but not meta defining 

The track record has been Sentinels being way too strong on release and gradually toning them down. Deadlock release seemed like the first one to come out and not completely take over the game.
Oh god no, soloq is annoying af, especially on EU. I'd rather not play at all than solo.
As a solo duelist I would say no since he has no movement abilities to entry nor any flash, that's not the case with any other duelist at all, in that sense even Reyna is a better solo entry. He has a wall but it's not wide enough to be good for a solo duelist tbh. 

If you're playing iso and you have a raze/jett, that's when you can make more things happen by aiding with the wall or throwing the weakening orb while your raze satchels in for example. I guess that's why I don't think he's a good duelist, as a solo duelist he's not good enough to entry and as a second duelist he's basically playing as an initiator.

Despite everything I just said if you don't climb it's not cause you're playing Iso, you'll climb with whoever in soloQ if you're good enough.
And there’s probably already porn
I can't stand all the cry babies who give up by round 4.

You hit the competitive tab.

You hit the Play button.

You chose an Agent.

You committed to the match.  Now fucking play the game and try your best.

Stop it with the FF votes, stop it with the "ggs" on round 1.  Stop it with the push to talk sighs.  Pull yourself together and quit crying, you're embarrassing yourself.
There's no such map but if i had to answer one i think its icebox.
Didn’t Riot adjust percentages? If Ascendant 1 is top 3% instead of top 5% (am on mobile rn, can’t remember the exact numbers), there are gonna be less players in Immortal. Doesn’t mean there are less players overall
If you absolutely have to contest it, try spamming common spots where the viper may be in the pit before entering if the situation calls for it. If you’re in a sneaky situation try to sneak in and find her, this is something you’ll just have to practice to get better at.

The real answer though, is to avoid contesting it if at all possible.
Not all IP's can be pulled easily and SOME ISPs these days have DDoS mitigation. He very easily could've been a customer of one of those ISPs. 

Or when his IP was sniffed out his just didn't pop up. IP sniffers aren't perfect and even more so when some ISPs are actively finding ways to fight against them for the sake of customer privacy.


Even if none of the above applied a better explanation can't be provided on how this happened. This is simply the ONLY logical one from an I.T. standpoint.
I play only Fade. I used to be a Reyna main to climb out of low ELO, but I like the playstyle of initiators better. I like info gathering, fast rotating type of playstyle. 

I tried flash initiators like Skye, and while it's fun, I'm not that good at it. And Fade has a more aggressive playstyle than Sova. she also has simpler lineups and is much less lineup dependent than Sova

Also I like her character design
They didn’t state it, but the subsequent follow-up tweet was advising about mental health. They hid it in a not-so-subtle underhanded manner to respect their probable parents wishes whilst shining a light to the cause.
even imm2 to mid imm3 is a huge gap.

Util usage, team play, game sense is totally different game.
Take the bomb when your Bronze Jett rushes alone into the site
This is so good it doesn't even look like a photo
Ive literally had teams refuse to go near b on sunset bc of cypher
low-elo players don't care about winning as much, it's about having fun, and when you're losing 3-10 after losing  pistol it feels pointless to play on
Used their mic
Tbh I'm shocked that this is even gold
try to get good just strafing, then get good at jump peeks and the likes, then combine different movement with those👌 for me i click each knife when going for head, but when i get first contact i hold
sunset cypher will be sent to the shadow realm
"Viper was great, until the nerf her out of existence."

she's still great, she was overpowered

"I recently have a game where I played omen on breeze"

You're controller main and you play omen on breeze? If that's not troll
There is MMR decay and something called Variance if you have a long hiatus. You can find some sources for this at the very bottom of the subreddit MMR explanation thread as one of the extra bullet points.

https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/wiki/faq/faq_mmr
Bundle 9900 probably (like other ultra collections) guns 2475 and knife 4950.
I record my perspective, and rewatch to improve. But that's only half the situation. I want to know, when did they turn around, would they have heard me, or was I too slow and they flicked?

Did my cross map lineup bluff actually get them to rotate off my site, or did they not fall for it and I wasted util?

Was my gun sticking out, or did they know where I was by other means?

Did they know I was there, or do they always prefire that angle? If so, how?

There's many situations where my perspective doesn't provide the full information, and I can only guess. A replay system allows for me to KNOW these things
my friends who played a lot of overwatch had a lot of trouble with spraying.

we told them to pick the guardian and they started doing WAY better. the sprays are unique and difficult to grasp until you get a decent amount of play time.
This is Killjoy, they're probably made out of some kind of transparent armored titanium or something.
I've been immortal for a long time, and the main thing is that immortal players mainly screw up their util and strategy. It's rare to see an immo1 and immo2 use really strong util, if they did they'd probably be immo3. The main issue, as a result, is that immortal players don't up their skills by literally studying the game and their characters, and that's the main gap imo. Radiant players study the game, immortal players are just players who are good at the game without putting in the hours to truly optimize their gameplay
real
Anyone playing CS competitively uses faceit which is also kernel anti cheat
KAYO because I came from CS and liked the familiar Flashbangs. I’ve grown to really like the RMB popflashes, the info the Knife gives, and the “fck it, we ball” site-take/re-takes with Ult. 

Iso because I main Mordekaiser in League so I just cannot not main Iso. I love popping off with Iso and getting multikill chains as all the attritional damage is absorbed by the shield.
How is a Christmas event in a video game cultural appropriation.. that makes no sense at all.
The ding on every kill just activates my neurons
You just know that Sage gets invited to every house party on campus, goes sober, fucks 6 girls at the same time in the bathroom and leaves highfiving their boyfriends
With most ‘Triple AAA’ hitting $70+, maybe only 1
I was really looking forward to having my hope crushed.
I don't like the map, I always play omen and just one-way their box and free kills or I try to knife, but most people don't go to the sides.
ok I looked up and [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/s/2yhjin5RDg) turns out to be the current wr

yours might be even faster
Nah when casting he should say "domain expansion" instead
Oh yeah, I was thinking about relations between agents in the protocol. Cyphers wife is still alive. Probably. 👀
Umm it's very. Also when I upgraded from 60hz to 144hz I went up 3 ranks in a week lol.
\>He was also a man and, if he wanted to, could have defended me at any point.    


Here's the thing though, you can't talk sense to these degenerates. If someone goes this far, I'll usually tell them they're assholes (I insult them further but no need to go into detail lol), and mute them.    
I understand your point, it feels better to have someone on your side but it's just better to mute them and ignore them no matter what they do. Since they're behind a screen, they'll never back off and it's not worth it to argue with them.
Rito needs to fix their game this is unacceptable
this is the real way to improve with deathmatch. shift walking around looking for people and holding angles waiting for others to walk into your crosshair isn’t going to help anyone but it’s far too common in deathmatches
You got Prowler shield blocked.

All utility that has HP, regardless of if its a ghost dog, wooden construct, overenginered camera, or eye of sauron... Counts as a Hard Surface.

And unlike every other piece of destructable utility, fade doggos are "thick", with 2 "C"s. They count as such a thick wall, not even an Operator headshot through them is enough to kill even an unarmored player. 

Riot chose to address this by ignoring the issue and just lowering the max uptime.

Edit 1: dug up an old post I made demonstrating how this can be abused. https://www.reddit.com/r/VALORANT/comments/ymh4d2/in_the_510_patch_fades_prowlers_still_count_as_a/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button
Why they removed it in first place
All of us in bronze believe we deserve to be ranked higher.
We’ve known what the skins would be like for a while, it’s just to for fans to rep the teams they like, I don’t see any issue with it. Like buying overpriced team merch, because you like and wanna support the team
The Valorant aim assists is insane once you learn to abuse it.
Low iq
can they allow us to add stationary bots to custom matches already
Can we remove these rant posts? Gets called smurfing and makes a post about it, who cares?
I actually think Omen is one of the better agents to solo climb with. You'll never *not* have smokes, which can be an insta loss when your Brim swaps to Reyna at the last second in agent select... But his kit is also versatile enough to have impact on pretty much every match. 

Jett/Reyna/Raze sure if you like to duelist and can frag out. I'm not really one of those players though so I like Omen and Skye for the team value but they aren't completely team-dependent either.
Doesn’t every map revolve around planting the spike?
Ah that makes sense yeah, tysm for explaining :)
No its fine. Giving better coms is always a good thing. And the change is def not a bad or broken one. Its just a somewhat rare case.
it is gay csgo wdym
he's not a good raze, he's stuck in asc/imm cause that's where he deserves to be
because they have to lower it. you think they'd keep the city floating over france with risk of falling down without notice?  


killjoy has a voiceline when winning at ascent:  


> "Okay, that's done, time to lower this place."

&#x200B;

>Probably a dumb question.

yes
Poor gekko was flashed for 3 business days damn.
iirc they said the daily missions stack now, not sure how many. So you should be able to play 3 days a week for most KC rewards.


Of course just unlocking agents through their recruitment window is best as that still uses xp. Also the distribution is likely better as before it was very much waiting between weeklies to progress.
Weekly? Damn that’s crazy, I thought the cap on the credits was to encourage you to buy something new everyday.
100% Breeze, have to constantly watch your back , map is overly massive, absolutely dread getting this map every single time
Inverted movement error. Run and gun is accurate but standing still isn't.
BOY!! They stole my blades...
Wtf you mean by high-ping 'abuser' ?, like   we arent playing on bad internet on purpose 🤷‍♂️, and also riot has updated so that the ppl with high ping always be in a disadvantageous position
If you’re not enjoying it then yes, but don’t think of it as quitting. More so expending your time in energy into things you actually find enjoyable
A few reasons that led to these changes: The devs almost exclusively use pro play to make these decisions, the over abundance of viper picks is due to the designs of certain maps which make the majority of controllers irrelevant unless you have 2 of them, the current map pool has 2 of vipers S tier maps, pro teams have incredible combos and coordination with vipers util that make her extremely oppressive.

Most of this is irrelevant for casual players in ranked except those unfortunate enough to play smokes, it’s already the least popular and rewarded role so the backlash will be minimal and pro teams will adjust anyways
Nothing personal kid
Thanks for the write up! It was a joke.
in the spanish version of the game it's just worse, every agent voice is made by spanish native speakers faking every specific accent, it sounds so cringe that most of us just play the game in english
now he has a 3rd smoke like brim
Which also begs the question: why doesn't val make you accept the match the way CS does?
Where can i see their Spotify playlist?
Nope

Sorry buddy but as a fellow smoker main you'd better get used to saying "Break cocoon" 17 times with increasing urgency while your instalock duelists pick their noses and watch you die

And then they'll type "muted" in chat after the round because you're "yelling at them"
At least their bundles are cheap! :D /s
This has to be one the coolest posts I have ever seen and I thank you for this.

I already use yellow so I'm looking like a genius. Muahahaha
She kinda feels like she’s an Apex Legends character. I like it.
Truly the road to gold.
I swear some players just have a faster movement in this game
Please be good please be good please be good.

After their last 3 releases I don’t have very much optimism
YouTube during the pregame lobby. Just look at one or two on defense lol
That’s the neat part, you don’t.
nope regular shot
I sat through to find the names, but I found your speech actually insightful. Good stuff!
for me it’s the change of unlocking agents. i have the credits needed to unlock deadlock but i have to wait either the 24 days or play enough to get 200k xp but i only play a limited amount with my schedule. that’s my only gripe with it the rest i don’t care about
The mentioned it tho, it was unintentional that prowler would break sage wall
I never really get to see iron this shit is good.
WE NEED A REPLAY SYSTEM YOU CLOWNS
no, if you want to gift you just have to send the money to them yourself
I can't even do it once.
Yeah me too. I never care about someones gender identity (or sexuality).

Be it cis, trans or something else.

I usually avoid this subject because i don't want to bother with people that could misunderstand me and think im homophobic.
So what? If you enjoy the game play it 🥺👈🏼👉🏼
Tbh pree sure people won’t even be able to crack Radiant in an extra year if they went from Bronze to Imm. The gap is years apart unless you have prior experience with FPS
last time i played, reyna was the get out of silver button. just brain off they cant plant the bomb if theyre all dead gameplay
Hopefully helps to penalise sexism in ranked games but probably not the Val community is horrible
tbf, if he was actually playing with a headset he would have heard you and killed you instanly
Plz enjoy game
First and last upvote gets the full code: https://beta.playvalorant.com/en-us/invite?code=dd6dc27f-bb7c-46e4-bee2————————
Coping Mechanism  
  
An adaptation to environmental stress that is based on conscious or unconscious choice and that enhances control over behavior or gives psychological comfort.
Reyna still sees play high elo, it’s a myth that she’s only low elo. Even in immortal, she is top 3 pickrate and performs well.
worst part: he’s gold 😭
Like "why are you so bad at the game" or "why are you playing with your feet"
breeze would become the reverse dust 2
Not smoking before going out with a bucky is enough to say silver is the ceiling. I'd say bronze
Totally. I love his youtube content, but watching live had been tough for a while with how of a dick he kind of was. My favorite content of his is when he would gas his favorite followers up, like the Boomer to Diamond series or dealing with the "aim demon" stuck in silver.

The difference between "What are you doing?! You are better than them!" And "What are you doing? You should know better" is massive IMO. Coaches should cater their styles to the students, not the other way around.
Mind Game

thats the "passive objective" of an Omen player. Creates presence where you could fake a spot to hit a side since you can smoke from god knows where.
does no one know about the ranked changes ?? riot shifted the the ranked distribution so immortal is harder to get but the gap between an immortal 3 and a radiant isn't as gargantuan as before. you dropped to ascendant at the start of episode 8 where they rolled out these changes.
I know everyone is telling you no but I swear to GOD I saw someone playing with this exact type of crosshair. How? Who knows but I can say it's possible to have something similar
Honestly there's no excuse for Riot to have not implemented inter-dimensional network pathways yet
If someone leaves, games should be safe to leave without a penalty, but the game will count as a loss for everyone who leaves. 4v5 is not a fun experience.

If there's no leaver, they should remove the option to surrender entirely.
phoenix players are either-

the nicest person in the team

most toxic person to play the game
Yes, it's called wallbanging.

There are different materials, some that can be penetrated easily (wood, radianite crates), and some that cannot (metal). Guns also have different levels of penetration (Spectre has the low penetration while Guardian has high penetration).
When I was facing smurfs w my team when I played actively, we didn't try to cry about it.

We dumped our whole utility on that mf, pushed him with 3 people and confidence, and bought Judge Op Odin whatever if needed and celebrated killing him. If he was the one keeping their team alive, we may aswell win the round afterwards, even if its just a 3v4 or whatever.

This game has two aspects : Mechanics and your mind. If you can't beat him mechanically, win the mind war and get into his head. Drag him down to your level. And at your own level, you've got more experience than he does.
1 satchel :(
He used false credentials to get money from people who didnt know better. Kinda whack and shitty even if it is just a game. Shameless af.
For OP, a closeup of [LCDs](https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/closeup-lcd-screen-12042844.jpg?w=992).
Is DontGiveMeSpikeUnlessYouWantToGetFlanked too many Characters?
It absolutely is though, there is no such thing as an unnatural evolution of language, human language evolves all the time - just look how much slang gets invented with every new generation.

“They” has been used as singular dating back as early as 15th century shakespeare, so it isn’t a new thing at all, and odds are you’ve used it more times than you can count without realizing. 

It takes so little effort to show basic human decency, I’d argue it takes more effort to be cruel in this context.
if you have to flick so wide that it requires that high of a sens, your crosshair placement/game sense is cheeks. most of your gunfights in val will be preaiming angles and microadjusting. having a sens that high is making the game MUCH more mechanically difficult for no good reason.
I like the idea, or they could just get rid of halls altogether. I thought closing halls made Breeze feel more balanced for both sides. After they reverted the change I played a breeze comp game on defense and we lost 10 rounds. Then we switched to attack and won 8 in a row. If that doesn't say they made the map attack sided again idk what does.
if you don't rank up with that much time spent, it isn't because you won't ever be good enough or aren't naturally talented. it's because you weren't actually playing to improve and learning, or not doing so properly. if you play for 1000 hours with your crosshair on the floor and sub par utility usage ofc you're gonna be hardstuck. raw hours put in doesn't directly equate to improvement past a certain point
Typically the ones with flexible smokes, so omen viper cypher
ascendant mental is basically this lol
arcane sheriff
Why doesnt caseoh go to the gym
That's a copypasta btw, in case you didn't know. lmao
I'd replace Skye with Fade. You can guarantee to accidentally flash your teammates if you don't use comms. The recon is easier for your teammates to capitalize on.
I will single handedly bring down the average winrate of deadlock to 49%
Yep. It makes voting useless in this game. It always prioritizes the minority for whatever reason. Even the forfeiting makes no sense to me. 3 vote yes, 2 vote no. k, no ff. Like. What... 3v2... why... why do those two mean more than than the other 3? Is one of them the president? why are those two worth 4 people against the 3 votes to ff?

I hate the voting system in this game. Makes no sense, seems useless as hell. Diplomacy is nonexistent. DIPLOMACY CLEARLY VOTED AND DECIDED TO FORFEIT OR REMAKE, WHY ARE WE LISTENING TO THIS ONE OR TWO OTHER GUYS INSTEAD???????

ahem. Anyway. I'm good. It just makes me incredibly mad.
I’m a big fan of the simple ikea designs.
Isn’t 600 one of the cheapest total utility costs in the game?
Amazing cause riot finally got people to lock controller. Wonderful game balance design
I seen the following names and never want to see them again.

-I8MyDogOut
-HisDogInHeat
I liked the part where you took the time to clear out attacker spawn to A when you had 3 teammates there already
The tides beckon
i just got back from vacation so i never got to see my night market. got me scared i might've missed something great. anyone know if we're getting the same night market when they fix it or if they're gonna be completely different?
I like neon and now I’m even more excited for these buffs I didn’t know they were goin THAT hard
Now the Bucky has no range
you can hover the star and it shows how much you got bonus
I would say his style isn't for everyone but that's fine. I kinda compare him to Gordon Ramsey. If you ever seen the difference between how Gordon talks to professional chefs vs kids and home cooks, you can probably see where I'm heading with this. He tends to be harsher towards high elo players, because he expects more from them and knows they can be better. If you actually watched his videos, you would know he's really only mean to people who are lying to him and/or coping. His content is not coper-friendly, and I honestly appreciate it. I only started watching his YT vids and VCT co-streams  like 2 months ago, and I climbed 5 ranks just by accepting the fact that I was currently playing bad Valorant, but I could play better Valorant by letting go of my incorrect preconceptions.

Dr. Woohojin (Or: How I Learned To Stop Coping And Love the Grind)
Was stuck in gold for the longest time, I can tell you from my own experience: silver and gold are the most random fucking ranks in the entire game. Most smurfs are in gold, then there are inconsistency heroes who'll drop 30 one game and 3 the next, then you have boosted bronze players who believe their team is the problem. Gold has them ALL. 

It also has the most players who don't want to learn the game but are mechanically good enough to stay in gold instead of dropping down to lower ranks.
In what world is teleporting on top of the boob in this situation a smart play?
But playing mono controller with clove is suboptimal from my experience. Her main strength lies in ability to smoke after death. Having another controller expands strategical flexibility so much
Hey man I’m so sorry for your loss, losing someone is never easy but especially at such a young age is gut wrenching. I would definitely recommend seeing a therapist if you’re able, if there is someone that can help you process this its them. Either way take care of yourself, that’s the most important thing right now.
my shorty doesn't do that 😔. All i get is 149 dmg if I'm lucky XD
Don't let this thing get into your head that you're bad at the second half . Because it mentally affects you in the game too. I remember back when I was in plat - diamond a lot of players for some reason used to say phantom is a bad gun you can't win duels against a vandal. But I always used phantom until I reached diamond and it made me question if that's the reason I'm stuck and suddenly I seriously can't get even a single kill whenever I buy phantom. Then I just realised even pros use it and it's just my mind and I'm doing well again . Ik it may sound silly but it affects a lot.
try outer line max length and max offset, and inner line max length *minimum* offset, and see if that works. turn off the firing and movement errors ofc.
Aight that's all of your luck for 2024 buddy (jk nice clip btw)
your right, the only reason is that they don’t care enough to add it lol
The cam with the weapon, yessss lol, saw it in a video
Yes to escape that elo out aimming and movement is all you need. Every one is clueless till bare minimum gold
Announce a ridiculous character that absorbs all of the abilities, including ultimates, for every agent they kill in the round.
Is completing the BP just the 50 levels? Or the 50 + 5 bonus ones? If so just the 50, I didn’t finish S1E2, I think I got half way thru
It must be because he genuinely wanted me to know he thought it's was a stupid thing for a guy to wear. 😂
The option to go into the range or maybe even a dm if feasible while waiting in queue. Trying to 5 stack comp late night or some time when people don't typically play is a nightmare and queues can take 15+ minutes.
You tryna look up r34 without feeling guilty aren’t you
you probably lock in duelist and dont entry sites first, you go after your teammates entry and clean up, you are a kda/stats player.
I had a very few moments where the chute was still useful but I agree. Not having that section opened was pretty lame.
In terms of shaking up the duelist class it’s clear this is a success. Less clear is if this isn’t a bit overturned, but at least it’s fresh and fun for now.
It’s boring because once you get to higher ELO, if you really want to win, your job as a smoker is so important that you need to be staying alive as long as possible, which means ideally you’re NEVER taking 50/50 gunfights, which gets “boring”.
90% of the 'chaos' was the camera switching.
Any streamer that brags about their skill or how much money they have. Just really unattractive and promotes toxicity in the community. Otherwise i like streamers like Tenz, Tarik, Woohoojin, Joshsek. They’re not over obnoxious or toxic just really chill!
It’s so funny to me how people think just because ppl they know stop playing the game is dead lmao what the fuck kind of logic is that
Only as of recently. The rest of her time in the game was like the worst agent in the game.
RIGHT ALT? 😭😭
You can hear if Gekko's ability is defusing.
Supposedly the alt fire isn't a scope which would be crazy. Excited to see what it really is.
just use the vandal, and using each gun is situational
Maybe get a life then
Not consistent tho. If you dismiss with reyna you can survive the initial spike explosion but if you’re still inside the explosion when dismiss ends, you die instantly
Because everyone's too tired to speak and play.
Improves first shot accuracy and indirectly helps recoil due to the lower fire rate.

Really the important thing is the visual zoom. We fuss so much about aspect ratios, refresh rates, crosshairs, and resolution. A minor zoom should do more for your aim than any of those.
That's why I say the spike is cursed. So I have it, we made site, everyone is spamming the plant the spike ping, I take it as ok we have site control, lemme plant open. I start planting, I'm 2 pixels away from a full plant and just fucking get 1-tapped. Turns out half my team saw that we have site and went chasing enemies because they really gotta top frag or the world ends or whatever and the other half are just standing around scratching their nuts.
Bring back replication
Just mute if it gets too much, people will do whatever they want.
Thats the craziest ace i've ever seen ngl
Wait, you're saying Bren and Mimi lied to me?!?!?!
Yes. In any competitive game the general skill level rises over time.
It's just sad that the voice actor is so disconnected from the franchise/character. You know all the good lines we love so much? He barely knows them/remembers recording them. I remember when hiko invited him and he just didn't know how to do the lines.
Hold up..maybe this will make me get to radiant?
Don’t worry. Next year they’ll release an exclusive Christmas bundle for the discounted rate of $112
If Cypher is meta, Neon most likely will not be. You can’t updraft-dash or satchel above his trips, you will just run into them and die if you try to do normal neon slide entry stuff.

Keep in mind, in ranked use whatever you’re most comfortable on. How well you play on an agent far outweighs how good the actual agent is. A really good Neon will have more impact than an average Raze.
Yes. I found plat and diamond lobbies way easier than fucking bronze . More because bronze players don’t give a FUCK about smokes or dry peeking . Plus they love sitting in stupid places 😭 oh your team is fighting for their life on B ? Let me rat this strange corner in mid while my team loses site.
Imperium was pretty cool with the final kill effect
Iso will remain to be the only agent never to be played on VCT.
I play games where I dominate, I play games where I get stomped. It’s not all Smurfs, in fact many times it’s just good matchups
Prelude is killbot. It doesn’t matter how bad your aim is, somehow you’ll still find the kill. Prime is aimbot. Oni just sounds fire.

One of those 3.
He could not really stall that good you know, plus he was made useless by fade dogs, skye dog and yoru clones without any risk factor whatsoever
This. This is more of a map problem than a Viper problem because she is the only good controller in thos maps other than Harbor.
This is an old thing you could do with two updrafts. Derke did it in a vct international event at one point. Forget against who, but now I guess you need a dash and a updraft which is not ideal
I can’t imagine they’ll let it go live. They took split off because of the Jett A site thing. They seem to take game integrity (when it comes to bugs and exploits) more seriously than anything else.
Omen is in aura debt
You can still play Skye. It's not like they butchered her. She'll still be a good pick in solo q
In my opinion for most of the ranks except like immortal and radiant the aim is more important than game sense because nobody knows what the hell they're doing so it's hard to predict and a lot of times the right play in the moment will get you killed so just peek and click heads that always gets you the results
Mf playing on a powerpoint presentation

I actually had to drop my fps limit from 450 to 300 this morning because the framerate fluctuation was a bit out of control, but jesus dude you need a better pc
"Time to sent Lil bro right into the abyss" 🔥🔥🔥
The canon for what a spike detonation does might've changed between the two cinematics- either simply retconned, or the one in the Venice cinematic was a far more destructive (and possibly ineffective) prototype. 

Either way, the point is there's still radianite in Ascent.
They should add finisher for winning team after champs finals.
Sorry, I only had 71 grenades, And I've already used them all.
I think the description should focus on the taking space aspect to duelist because a lot of people don’t know about it
I absolutely hate playing against full duelists
Arcane Sheriff 
Araxys Bulldog
[deleted]
Love using Raze satchels. They’re so versatile and underused by a lot of players. Double satchel with a judge or raze ult, throwing a satchel against the wall to fast peak, throwing it at an enemy to mess up their movement, breaking util, getting enemy off bomb, etc.. So many uses
For me it just feels claustrophobic. Top mid funnels through a single choke into a small corridor to go A or B. A feels terrible to push because each entry only allows you to swing from one side meaning it's a single angle from each side that defenders have to hold. Taking mid only gives an alternate route to B. 

Look at an image of the minimap and circle any broad open spaces. Mid is like the only one. Maybe A site. Every other area on the map is basically a hallway. There's just not a lot of space and so many areas to push can only be pushed from one angle.
Bruh
did you mean...their?
The number of people in the replies who can't understand the difference between an agent not teaching you how to play the game and an agent actively reinforcing terrible habits is mind-boggling to me
Isn’t that videos basically, it’s a disadvantage unless you know how to gain advantage with it? 

I’ve never felt disadvantaged with it, you just position and play the angles 
The enemies play worse than bots in cs 1.6.

Also, everything could end for you in the first 5 seconds of the video, because people often shoot in the green box just to check that no one hiding there.
Remember when everyone would insta lock Chamber, and you had to beg for them to use trips because those people never played sentinel before and how no clue how to play them?

Well, Welcome Clove... we're on for the same shit again, except this time with smokes. Thankfully, Clove isn't as busted as Chamber, and it should die down once they aren't the new thing anymore.
it is a complete joke to say the game was built from the ground up for competitive integrity in the same breath as saying the replay system wasn't even planned up front.
Yes you’re right it doesn’t make a bad player immortal. However, it does heavily benefit a player not because they’re good but because they downloaded 3rd party software.
The perfect spray for chamber mains that autofill smokes as Harbor.

That is about 5 people.
That is insane and is probably holding you back a decent bit.  I would look up some pro players that play on 'high sensitivity' and start from there.  It will take a lot of time to get use to but it will increase your overall accuracy quite fast.
Since my guy murdered 7 ppl, he can also rob them as they wont be needing that money
Cope answer: this games netcode is really inconsistent.

Silver answer: Record and watch our own fights back, might not be as quick as you think.
and then potter says "yeah i ain't losing to this" and then she doesn't lose to this
Firefly RGX
A time will come when you lose that sage fight because they aim while moving and headshot you fast. So you need to learn that too and also the next step that is bursting and strafing to combine movement to avoid getting hit and staying still the small moment where you shoot.

Also maybe later on the first 3 kills aren't quite that free though similar things will happen on most levels.
20 bucks total, got two battle passes. Maybe will buy another if a good one comes along
These people would say that gay people are oversensitive while doing this type of shit because they saw a gay banner or gun buddy.
give me a stinger and a corner to run out from and i'll have a blast, at least 1 kill if someone is there and then get traded, sometimes even 2.
Seek help
It’s almost certain more of the purchases come from non-content creators since there’s a lot more of them than there are content creators.

I’m calling out content creators not because they’re the biggest offenders, but because they have the biggest impact on the community.

There’s a reason the word “influencer” is attributed to the gig. Many impressionable young viewers see buying an iron account as a normalized, okay thing to do. This is because influencers do it all the time.
Its reassuring that online gamer still has manner
It fixes the issues I had with DM. 

1. Less chaos as you have teams
2. ability usage(given that it's the games big selling point, not having abilities in a game mode feels weird)
3. Map layouts are designed for DM, so it feels better to play on.
4. It reminded me of the early 2000s when arena shooters were still a thing.

&#x200B;

Overall I think it's the best game mode they added since launch. It's different from other game modes, but still feels like valorant game mode(which can't be said about DM).
breach players using their entire kit to secure 1 kill (they cannot get a kill unless the enemy is stunned, flashed twice, down 140 hp, concussed again from ult)
Yeah especially if they also had irons or the other players were lower rank than you guys
endless yappers? all the time. my rule with them is that if they don’t respect my ears, i don’t respect their words. if they can’t keep their silence for anything, that’s an auto mute
not an old man (kinda) but i have a full time job, Girlfriend and a ton of outside responsibilities. Best way to rankup is to play 3 games a day, no more no less. I hit immortal 3 doing this and it took at most 2 hours out of my day including warmup. Ive stopped playing recently but if you need any tips just dm me.
Calling it now:

Despite being hit by a truck, Viper's pro prickrate isn't going to budge because there's no alternative to her

You're only making her feel worse to play for everyone else
Because he’s playing w his friends in low tier lobbies.. obvs he struggles more in gold+ lobbies
This is so incorrectly used though....
Yeah Idk if it was her choice or the directors but it sounds so forced that it goes into fake territory. Even the strongest Aussie accents dont sound like that
The two O’s and the big J:

Odin

Operator

Judge
Ohnepixel
Oh yeah i always forget that's a thing... I'd be aiming at the head, swear I'm aiming at the head, but it misses somehow lolll
To feel good about them selfs, see the skilldiff they achieved since they were that certain rank, and or to play with lower elo friends and help em out a bit
I’ll just use sage’s abilities to describe my binds because i can’t remember which is which. 

Wall is F, slow is Q and heal is E

Pistol is bound to middle click, rifle and knife are bound to mouse4/5 (i forget which is which, but its the forward and back buttons)

Crouch is C (just feels right) and Lshift for walking.
Yes, there is a noticeable gap in skill between asc to immortal and immortal to radiant. While mechanics are a factor, the main difference is just a better understanding of the fundamentals. For example, most radiant duelists know how to entry and make space and most radiant teammates know how to take advantage of that space. To give a specific example , if my duelist dashes out of a smoke and into a site, I'm instantly jumping through to use that space and trade. In lower ranks, there is much more hesitancy and those few seconds matter a lot
He commited suicide and orgs and media should stop hiding it because it is a very, very widespread and severe problem on modern civilization.

Mental health is not a joke and hiding it only makes it worse as people perceive it as a taboo topic. 

RIP Karel, this really breaks my heart.
this is not hospital flick, this is cemetery flick
Honestly, it used to be me being nice, now it's just kind of an automatic response to a teammate losing the round lmao. Like a flowchart, win --> "Let's go, good shit guys/(agent name)!", lose ---> "Damn, nt, nt."
btw that first bullet inaccuracy is fucking shit on valorant
We ended up winning, but that was just lame of riot
GeForce now doesn’t have low enough latency to play valo. *Nobody* would want someone playing on there on their team.
Fr. That's some heavy lifting his friends are doing. Dudes getting absolutely wrecked in play games, how can that be any fun.
The community is awful. I’ve played the game for over 2 years now and have been met with (almost everyday) some sort of toxicity that’s outside normal game banter/shit talk. Had games thrown just because I’m a woman, been yelled at for making the smallest mistake, been threatened with death/r*pe or some sort of harassment. 

Love the update the Devs are giving us when it comes to toxic players and doing more to ban them 🤞
Look, I’ve been knifing since COD gun game on 360. If it makes someone upset, I’ve done my job appropriately.
I personally cant stand toxic players who are also very good at the game, Like FUCK it’s not even like they are a shitty person and bottom fragging. 

Also when your team tells you a play to do and you decide to do your own thing and lose, then think back “fuck if i did what they said it would’ve won us that round”.
Dude was not even letting us breathe
Clove: You can smoke yourself off immediately by right clicking and left clicking without moving your mouse. Since the start of the smoke originates on the player, you don't need to adjust it. Perfect for smoking the spike in clutch situations
Exactly what happened but got the ace sound effect each time instead
This evil but also funny.

*it’s you and me*
Well for one don't solo push mid on defense
Warm ups are for suckers. That’s what pistol rounds are for.
submitted a report for this exact issue bout 11 months ago. they said they would fix it, guess it’s still not fixed. small indie company lol
I'm cheating but heres the 4 that I think are best in order of how they helped me.

&#x200B;

1. How Radiants abuse angles
2. 2. It's not aim demons, its you.
3. Stop moving like a noob
4. Your movement is the real problem
French
Thank god you aren’t the lead developer of valorant
When a valorant player, a Jett main of all people, tells you to 1v1 them, there's no greater honor because these people usually think they're capable of going 1v5.
Ace did originally mean 5 or more kills among fighter pilots, make sense
One thing I really think she needs is her sonic sensors to have a way bigger range cause of how many times I've just run past it as neon
the myth of aging out of games past like 23 is pretty much dead at this point. 

32 is plenty young to climb to high rank in virtually any esport.
/u/—grassyass— Everyone’s only mentioning her ult:

- 3 Smokes + lasted long enough to half the bomb

- instant dash = get out of jail card = defensive op every round. This was cancer. 99% chance every match had 2 Opping Jetts. 

- 2 updrafts. Paired with insta-dashes, you could get so many off angles with ops.
i feel like giving her the full heal but making the cooldown 25-30% longer is a good compromise: sages could actually heal themselves now but it’s still always better to heal a teammate over yourself.
Bro found dead Brimstone from Kayo’s timeline in the mound 💀
Funny how it’s always the bot frags dropping a “gg ez”
Yes.

On my alt account, when i dont even have a skin it feels so dissatisfying in comprasion to when you have a skin. 

Like no cap, i feel like skins gives you a mental buff.
You can redeem them until December 31st, so 4 days left
No problem
Neon is the opposite answer to this question. She doesn’t feel like she belongs in the game
Gekko players are nice, jett players are the worst.
Shoot head
That red Sovereign phantom looks too similar to red Reaver phantom
never saw a dev in EU tho. Lol.
J (i am suffering)
Bro said gimme a second while I wipe out your entire team
bro cooked
Playing Viper is very dependant on your Teammates. You usually need a second smoker to play good whicv requires a lot of communication which is hard to get in a random lobby. We play a lot of Viper in my Premier Team tho, where the team play is a lot better.
SWAG SWAG WHATS UR NAME


....


BRAXTON


HAHAHAHAHA
There will be a showmatch during masters on the 24th to go over them and show off their abilities!
I agree, but I've recently switched back to Omen. I missed TPing on people lol.
It clearly didn't go through the wall. It was a straight body shot
Clove. I love how the smokes are beneficial to the team pre-/postmortem, but I can still be self-sufficient with the overheal and self-res so I don’t need to rely on my teammates as much.
Unrated
Clove ult is kind of weird. Did you know you can use Clove ult even if you're Kayo suppressed? That was an unpleasant surprise for my team lol
I mean, I never really cared for his rank specifically, I watched and reccomended him because he's a good coach. 

If I'm looking at coaching content I'd rather look at an inmortal player who's good at coaching than looking at a high radiant player who doesn't know how to coach. 

I don't think that being radiant was the main draw for most people, it was his coaching style, but that might just be me.
I think there’s a clear difference between Diamond and Asc personally.
No *movement* error means it's exactly the same as standing still.
that's a nice way to think about it! :)
Exclusivity only makes a cheat less detectable because there is a lower chance the game devs will get their hands on it. If they use the same techniques as more popular cheats, then they will be detected just the same. Even if made yourself and used by only yourself.
If you will consistently play better than you will get your hidden elo to the elo that you see and you will start to get +25 -25 only. But for this you have to probably get better stats and more consistent stats in your matches
Idk i was never in iron before, how you managed to get there even 

Jokes aside

The game tests you if you deserve bronz
Just walk up through the barrier, it always catches them off-guard
The “womp womp” would absolutely tilt me, something about those words just irks me lol
THIS


omg I keep looking for guides, I tried practicing Woohoojin’s aim training 1-to-1, I limited myself to 2 games a day or log out after 1 loss due to eye strain and feels like having bad luck, etc…


And I’m still hardstuck Silver 2, people down here aim surprisingly good, idk if whether I peek wrong or I’m too slow cause there’s no replay system. I honestly just don’t know what to improve and it saddens me when I can easily know what I need to do in League of Legends
It depends on the season. Right now it's summer break for students except university so there will be a lot of toxic kids but normally they're pretty supportive and even apologize if we lose a round. Also I feel like it's the only server that would say "nice eco" after losing eco round so they're pretty chill mostly.
Or just: goth mommy
I turn 40 this year, I know how you feel
Harbor slows not affecting teammates is all I ask..
OPEN UP THE SKYE!!
Top tier copypasta
Yeah, my crosshair placement is abysmal. Got tips for staying at head level?
I play dia-asc on PC and haven’t seen an astra in months. it’s kinda universal lol
every thing you said is real but breeze cool map is outrageous
If you have to be team frag or you lose, you dont offer your team anything but kills
Pretty often

I'd say 1 in 5 games go into OT for me

And those OT games probably 1 in 3 or 1 in 4 get to the 1 draw vote (but usually by then people are willing to play it out)

All in all, every 15 - 20 games I get one?
Woohoojin has been referenced in an official riot blog post + he knows people at Riot. 

The message will be seen, not sure if we'll get a response though.

He's just boycotting ranked out of principle. 

Stands by his values even if there is no guarantee of a change. Pretty respectable.
U may not have an edge in comp over someone with better ping but as long as your ping is stable it is playable. Unstable ping is worse than high ping. I regularly play on foreign pings with my friends (meaning the entire team is at a higher ping) and have won (not as often, but yes.. Playable)
Is there any other agent in the game that requires a counter-pick? That's what I hate about Cypher. "duh pick raze or sova" no shit. Needs to be nerfed.
Make sure you’re not on 60 hz on your monitor?
At higher elo you'd mix up your setups anyways because your enemies would learn to path around it
Why are they so far away from each other? Are you able to back up a lot?
They threw it back to you obviously
The vandal with Sova sitting in the plane. It's absolutely disgusting and I love it.
Sick classic skins!! Imagine watching replays of you getting sick picks?
comes from cs if you’re below 10hp we just say “I’m 1hp” cuz ur one shot with every gun anywhere on the body
Pros literally abuse crouch all the time watch some pro play they go for the instant crouch so often. It is a powerful tool but there are times and places for it. Anyone who says crouching is always bad and that you should never do it is wrong.
Getting called out as racist for “yellow man” is crazy. 
Am chinese and i don’t find it racist lmao.
Luck? All skill baby
Imagine not using the 1 bullet sheriff smh
Worst feeling is when your teammate dies and then you die with 157 outgoing damage to a fucking Reyna, I swear.
No
what about 6 left clicks then 1 right click?
No animations, enemy just pops out of existence without any round end music
I always thought this would be a great idea.  They have this in dota 2 and it works well.
it's boosting. Go check Clove's account, 4 days ago he did a 4/14 game as Sage. 

Most Ascendant players should be in theory able to do this against Bronze players (dropping 44/6). Clove makes it even easier due to them having ulti almost every time they die.
I hate how accurate this is, nothing irritates me more than hitting an enemy for 147 and none of my team mates kill them, of course I still say "aww it's okay, nice try" when deep down I want to say the most horrendous shit. No such thing as a happy raze main
She feels more like a replacement for reyna then omen atleast in comp. U can lock a agent that lets u ego peak and if u win the duel u get over healed just like reyna BUT if u die u can res urself AND smoke. U basicly get all the good parts of reyna minus the negatives. Ur ult is useful, instead of the worst flash in the game u have a free -90 hp molly, u can smoke for ur team and therfore not be called useless. She just feels like reyna but actually good for the team.
Nah, this guy'd win
the one on the left
Based. Idgaf if people ask for my skins as long as they're not aggressive about it and willing to buy it for me to drop them.
Even though Skye is voiced by an Aussie
That's so factual. How no one accepts responsibility for their own shit. Just blames their teammates
Monitor but only if your frames can keep up with it.
id buy bundle if we had replay system
Are there any plans to up the quality of bp items a bit? The BP feels lackluster for it's price, at least some SFX would be cool
Wait it doesn't get scanned? I've never noticed
Rito hire him.
Icebox as long as you never go b on attack
i'd assume if you already have an account that did the older versions of this then it wont work
“If you learn from your mistakes”
0.03 10700dpi lol edpi is 321
CGRS from PRX that filled in for Something during Masters Tokyo is a Gekko main from what I remember
This. Why are we gambling an entire potentially 40 minute game on weather or not some clown is going to come back to their computer or they actually just left.
Douglas Adam's "total perspective vortex" -ass countertrolling
Well I'd argue a majority of people haven't been playing since the first battle pass, which would make them ineligible for this stat
That doesn’t really make sense

Why would they be behind in style if they’ve been around this whole time
Bruh , it's literally ascendant, you can see it at the end of the clip
Many of the cheats you can buy you can buy just for 1 day.

Usually its 1day, 7days or a 30days subscribtions.
I want an operator skin and nunchucks
True cypher mains deserve this time ngl
Finally someone mentions it! It's more obvious if you go the "eliminate 50/100" options as those bots follow the exact same pattern regardless of how many times you hit start, the pattern doesn't loop (at least not for a long time).
I used to be the same, scared to play comp in fear of bringing my teammates down. It goes away the more you play at least that was the way for me.
And about toxicity it depends on the region but not super common in my case, sometimes you will get a toxic teammate but it is whatever, if you know your stuff no reason to be scared. There will be worse players than you specially when you play for the first time. Don't be too hard yourself
satchels need to be on mouse button or some other keybind so you can air strafe comfortably

the rest is just practice practice practice in customs. go google a guide, ray4c has a good one
I 100% think Reyna needs a rework. I’m very happy they are changing her, and hope they don’t mess it up. I wish they would buff Iso’s wall a bit to provide more cover but whatever. Changes to Neon and Raze seem good. I don’t think Yoru will become too strong because whenever they invent more Your starts, they’ll figure out more ways to counter him due to his reliance on surprise. Only time will tell though. 

In terms of future duelists - I want them to add a new dive for our next one, but it’s hard to come up with new movement mechanics. Maybe we’ll see some kind of leap that’s between Jett dash and Raze satchel or walking through walls (with Omen tp timings). This would help spice up the meta a bit - dive duelists will always be stronger than the other duelists in pro play.
Why cypher always on lurk? If I can't afford much util sure, but if I can buy cages and trips I will come help my team enter on site for less risk to make sure my trips will be useful
Yes they play on older patch, the next tournament will be played on the newer patch
Every clip i see, y'all are running around with the newest 30 dollar skins, the economy is doing well i see
If someone is harassing me in comms and no one says anything. I assume they’re premade or agree with the harasser and just mute them as well. If they can’t hear my comms when I mute them then there’s no point. I’m sure you disagree, but you can pound sand. Until the community can agree as a whole to stand up against abusers. I’m not gonna reward them with comms. You can circumvent this and find friends to queue ranked or speak up.

It’s coming off that you think it’s selfish to not give comms. Nah, you just want the win whether your teammates are being abused. You tell them maybe they should play unrated? Maybe you should uninstall if you don’t want to play a game with comms lmfao
Apparantly using "kip" was improved by the VA
If valorant today had a same replay like this
i report those people that follow me around for a skin. harassment and not participating in the match.
I am ready to whiff with this sniper as well.
Omen ulting into hell on haven A site- the enemies will assume you tp’d into heaven
This is literally the intention of the weapon. To counter the efficiency of the light armor rifle buy. This is why it's being added to the game. To make light armor more risky.
I'm more excited to have all the maps in casual game modes, I miss Pearl and surprisingly kinda miss fracture.
Go into a dm, not a tdm, and only use a guardian or sheriff. Listen to some music or something, whatever keeps you sane. Now in the Death-match you spend the first song/ or few minutes just strafing and trying to put ur crosshair over the opponents head, BUT DONT SHOOT. Just keep trying to stay locked on the head. Eventually they should kill you. 

After a couple minutes, or X amount of deaths (I'll do this for like 7-10 lives, and the warm up phase) than you do the same thing with the addition of shooting. 
The shots should be 1 taps preferably. So really just take ur time, and shoot when you are confident.

I know it sounds silly, and even a little frustrating at first, but practicing to stay calm and clean while you fight will make learning the rest of the game much more enjoyable and rewarding.
i don't think water literally kills him. he just really really hates water because it goes against his whole thing with fire
Having a sens THAT low is practically self-sabotage. Best example out of those clips would be on 0:25, where any other player would either fight Jett, because she missdashed into you, or at least have a chance at that. You on the other hand will not be physically able to fight anything outside your 90 degree cone of vision. Does it look somewhat fun as a one of gimmick? Yes. Does it look sustainable? Hell no.
When people start getting toxic just stop responding to them and lower their volume or just mute them. I always solo queue in Mumbai server (very toxic) used to give shit about everything and was way to focused on the game, couldn't get out of plat. Now recently I again started playing the game without using comms (unless absolutely necessary) and without getting serious about the game and suddenly started having a fun time and literally went from gold 3 to ascendant in a month :)

tldr don't take this game so seriously that it affects your mental peace just enjoy.
Spectre is honestly not that great of a buy anymore. Most of the time I find myself going down to the stinger or up to the bulldog.
It’s literally called Tree in the in-game map bro
Beating hate with love. Eventually, everyone will see them as the asshole
riot isn’t one the enforcing the bank account rule iirc. korea has a lot of anti anon policies that make it really hard to lie abt your name/etc online
Free game with exclusive skins is a business model that Riot pioneered with League. They had so much success with it that it forced their competitors to follow suit, thus creating a new standard for video game skin prices. Now every game has this bullshit system and there's not a damn thing we can do about it
What's the over under on how long it takes until we hear "the Messi of Valorant!"?
Normal day of ranked match
for a reason hell yeah brother lube me up
Yes, we will use it when down 13-3 against a French team in quarterfinals ... wait
The skye flash sound effect itself is different when it flashes someone vs when it doesn’t
hard to believe Neon mains could become more insufferable
“Skins in this game are predatory I’ll pass…”

“Ah I’ve been playing a lot lately I guess $10 on the battle pass is reasonable”.

“Damn this prime vandal feels really good maybe I should cop it if it’s in my shop”

“I’m sick of my bp knife and I’m sitting on all this radianite, rgx is the coolest knife in the game, one time purchase and I’ll never need another knife”.

“Can’t wait for the next collection, the new Odin is gonna be perfect for my all green viper loadout.”

*insert clown punting his face meme.
Just combine all 3 of breaches abilitys into one corner fucker cause fuck you cypher
If you wanna ace, say it. there is coms for a reason. But i am also not going to risk the round. aside from that, yea ill hold back to give you chance for your ace
ahahaha i love how u went for a quick scan of the map real quick
Wdym smite Odin guarantees ace every round.
Except me who believes I should be in iron 1 and not b2/3
She’ll likely be a sentinel due to the agent release schedule
Nihao
I got suspended twice like this before, both are 1 minute suspension. Support says my account is also fine, so I guess it's vanguard coughing up
Riot is getting lazy, they should remove her from ranked for now.
By this logic its equally likely to happen on the other team, you only notice it when its on your team.
or they’ll just ignore the smokes, and use everything else. Low elo lobbies do not care 😭
Was hoping for a little sneak of the new map. But at least we get Haven!
Ranked and DM focus on different skills  


DM its all about fights. No util, no game sense, just raw aim and gun fights.   


Ranked involves so much more. Util, game sense, timing, pattern recognition, taking space, team play etc.   


You probably have worse aim/gun fights when its a clusterfuck DM, and perform better in ranked because of your other skills. Also, some low ELO players have cracked af aim, but awful game sense and that's what drags them down on the ladder. This likely doesn't hold them back in DM where not having those skills matters less.
I consider one tap to mean one click of your mouse.
You forgot jett
Hot topic graphic T bundle
Don’t know how you made profit, but yes
Its people mistaking pro play with high elo. She is legitimately ass in pro play, but the canyon between pro play and high elo is so high she can thrive in the latter.

Thats why she needs a rework, pub stomper and rank demon, never see her in pro play.
Putting a turret aggressively and peeking with the outlaw is so powerfull
reddit doesn't like people who don't know everything
I like to think of it like a really hype dunk in basketball. It’s worth the same amount of points, but it’s a moral booster and gives your team momentum.
Stand up comedy in particular? Chamber, the way he delivers his lines makes him feel the best suited for it. Yoru could be a fun edgy asshole comedian insulting crowdmembers
Sage's wall eats up a mag, shooting gekko util is annoying. They added this wall and her ult that you have to shoot and break. 
THEY REDUCED THE AMMO ON THE ARs.
It looks cool, but the sounds on the guns is a bit disappointing, I was expecting a really bass heavy sound but it was kinda normal sounding....
99% of the time someone claims a game is dying its just because theyre losing interest and interacting with the community less
I thought it was 23$ for all of them 💀
>streaming his journey to Radiant

The whole point of the controversy was that he wasn't good enough to reach Radiant. Even if he genuinely reached it this time, a good number of people simply wouldn't buy it.

I don't watch him either but "I help people reach gold" probably isn't a good long-term selling point and from the few clips I've seen, he doesn't have an interesting personality either. So it makes sense to call it I think.
Yes it counts as death
Don't worry, the 3 devs from this indie company someday will get to this issue, they don't have resources to test it all
This guy is probably diamond or more, his team was so shit lmao I bet he was mad
I'll give you a more complete answer. If you survive a lost round, you only earn 1000 credits. First loss is 1900, second loss in a row is 2400, third loss in a row is 2900.


So basically, if your loadout + 1000 creds is less than the payout for dying, you wanna die to make sure you're net positive on money.
Huuuge thanks, I love the vct lock in knife but the colour is agent dependent and as a controller player the agent I play is very map dependant
Moral of this story: **Never** underestimate your enemy!!
*tears down the whole wall*

"There we go, I'm in!"
Imagine your adjacent to a teammate. Enemy appears and your teammate takes the gunfight. You're close enough to peek and make it a 2v1 but don't peek. That's baiting.
That's cuz your mmr isn't -1200 into hemorrhoid
Nah adding account verification with phone numbers would cut smurfs down way too much. And given how riot basically encourages smurfs they'll never do that.
Ult point
Prime and Chaos = HS% +10
that's always been so weird to me, the amount of people in silver saying they're hardstuck no matter how hard they try often just aren't trying hard enough

people that casual don't reallly understand how much they actually have to push themselves to improve at tac shooters (most people do have what it takes though, but they put their efforts towards other things that matter which is beyond understandable)
I just mute them and keep it pushing. Melvins can’t affect me, I’ve had multiple games where I’d start off bottom fragging just to end up carrying when I get into my groove and focus. Arguing with some loser mid game isn’t gonna help me play better so it’s pointless. They end up looking dumb as fuck when you carry them anyway
The 5 ‘ding’s from Fade’s eye is so satisfying
Dude probably got a kick out of hitting ace's after getting thrashed in his own lobby
Yeah I think she’s starting to fall off since all the other sentinels are getting a buffed or provide more than what she does.
Actually I'm not surprised at all! A lot of sites had and still have some easter eggs while opening the developer console or even in the page source. To be completely honest with you this is the first time that I see someone inserting a link inside a dll's debug information. I'm not saying that this is difficult at all (MSVC linker provides an option to alter PDB information), but I actually found that quite funny (by the way if someone is interested in looking at the DLL, the debug information start at offset 0x1804A2070)
She's balanced now. Before, there was  no reason to play any other Initiator when you can have unlimited flashes. Now, you gotta use your brain because you only have two.   


I used to get blinded every 10 seconds for no reason, now I get blinded and killed or have my location revealed instead. I also see a lot more people playing KAY/O and Breach. So yeah, I think this was a good change.
You wanted a villain, I gave you a villan🫡. Viper after ace
Ya know I always thought he was op on the map but then I got a chance to play him once on sunset and between the enemy soba and raze I don’t think I was able to hit a single person with trip all game, that made just covers so much area it’s hard to trip anywhere useful without it being destroyed
Yes and no.

Do you get rewarded if your entire team gets dumped on but you got dumped on slightly less? Not really. It’s mainly based on your performance versus THEIR team - not how well you do compared to your team. So getting a team mvp but still going negative won’t reward your mmr much. 

But do you get rewarded (in mmr) if you did well and lost? Yes.
Everyone: \*serious business\*

Yoru: "hey I found a knife just letting you know"
exactly! i understand "contact" by definition but dont understand when he says "contact me".
They never update the map preview screens, all of them are the older versions before they received changes.
i changed it to 800 dpi and 0.65 now
I mean some duelists literally have kits around just fragging. (Reyna, ISO). So I think it should be a mix of both. You can be a good duelist by either being good at taking space and anything or being able to get kills
Accents differ from people to another, so it really could be that Clove's voice actor has this kind of accent in real life also. There's a lot of videos in youtube where you can hear how unique scottish accent can be!
The song is actually a banger but unfortunately all Champs songs are bangers so this is the least banging of the rest
brimstone has escaped the game and this is his reddit account
bruh 🤣
The monetization in Valorant is straight up criminal lol

20-30$ for a single gun skin with no upgrades which you need a separate currency that is ridiculously priced for the sole purpose of making the battlepass more enticing for people to buy which in turn forces you to play to unlock it all. Wild
It’s actually the opposite your agent pool is fine just get really good at them. I’m immo 2 peak. It’s better to specialize and be exceptional at 1-3 agents than be basic/mediocre at a lot
I play Frankfurt & London only. Paris is a French podcast and they're the most toxic on FF/LDN servers anyways
you must be joking, you can one shot anyone has no shield with much cheaper option Marshal
or maybe give him 1 extra smoke upon 2 frags, more than anything, he needs increases range
"Boo" -omen
One guy told me I should get SA'd, fantasizing explictli about how he and his friends would SA me if they could
i dont think the valorant subreddit is the move, maybe try r/relationship_advice or something like that. while i think people want to help you, you'll probably get more advice from a relationship subreddit, not a video game centric subreddit.
I would also count a 3rd weapon (4 if you have ult) in general as a bonus. Ex: They’re out of shorty range but need to reload primary? Just switch! Can have gun options for long and short range.
Bruh Neon will become unbearable. Straight up becomes an Apex/CoD agent
Think of the map as a hill. one bombsite at the top of the hill, attackers and defenders both spawn at the bottom of either sides of the hill. Round starts with a race to the top, attackers race to plant and defenders race to setup/hold site. Thing is you can't see the other team until you're at the top and on site so you don't know if they haven't got there yet, or already there with traps / camps in place. 

every round is a mind game as to whether you push first or if you play retake. Countless strategies, have fun.
Chamber is a shit agent to begin with lol
The more the enemy gets annoyed with me the more likely it is for the champ became my main
oh yeah that's embarrassing i just realised💀
The molly nerf was already big enough. They lowered her smoke's up time as well. Her orb can no longer be picked up as well. This is indeed a huge nerf.
The double satchel is still good and powerful when used right, but IT FEELS SO WRONG. So awful. So unsatisfying...
This community clearly doesn't understand the meaning of a "passive" ability. Think of it more like an innate trait of the character, not of the character's abilities.

Astra's astral form is not a passive. That's how she performs her abilities. Without her astral form, she would not be able to use her abilities - it's active. Jett's glide is a passive. She does not need to purchase her ability to glide, she does not need to have/use another ability to glide, and she does not need the glide to use another one of her abilities. It's an innate trait of her being Jett.

I don't normally like comparing game design, but there are games that get passives right and it's obvious. Wraith from Apex Legends calls out if an enemy is aiming at her. Genji from Overwatch can double jump and climb walls. Mercy from Overwatch actually has the same gliding passive as Jett.

Valorant passives might be something like (and I'm absolutely ***NOT*** advocating for these to become a thing) not taking fall damage, less flinch when getting shot, planting/defusing the spike faster, more ammo reserves, faster swap speed, etc. All that to say, a passive ability should be innate to a character, not their abilities.
He gets shit on in high immo lobbies i thought he just fell off but this is next level
precise gunplay
I'm gonna give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you're really new

Replays where a thing riot said they'd be implementing "in the near future"

That was back in the beta, 3 years ago. The speculated reason they haven't done it is people will realise their net code is ass. It's supposedly still coming, but don't hold your breath
Some trash player that totally isn’t me got on my account and lost 4 games and went double negative 4 times in a row smh give me my rr back riot
Psycology PhD here. 
I've seen this behaviour before: they are subconsciously under a state of distress due to a severe lack of replay system.
Hey hey hey. Fire again went hard. Don't diss fire again
Ego. It's always ego
Fuck yes I started playing in 2023 and I want so many of these rewards
Why is it flopping like a.. nevwrmind 
fr bro, this might be the first and only guy having fun in Mumbai servers
online anonymity brings out ridiculous toxicity and things people would never say to your face. it sucks but it's definitely common unfortunately. just mute and move on it's all you can do. also if you're interested check out the creator jackcashew he is gay and gets a lot of hate on val but deals with it in funny ways
**Vandal:**
Pro:
- One-shot headshots at any range
- More damage in general

Con:
- Slower firerate
- Bullet tracers
- Loud


**Phantom:**
Pro:
- Higher firerate
- No bullet tracers

Con:
- Less damage per bullet
- Can't one-shot at longer ranges

**Conclusion:**
If you're confident in your aim and are planning on fighting at longer ranges, vandal is better. The phantom is better for spraying at closer ranges.
This. And There’s literally no drawback to just going next. Especially when we lose pistol and the duo still says no to remake. Then we’re most likely starting off 0-2. It’s like…WHY?
I replied to the wrong comment lol XD, I was replying to the guy who asked what map jett sucks on
He did coaching for free and legitimately coached others to radiant. Even if he lied about actually being radiant, I personally feel like that doesn’t take away from his coaching skills. 

In a way you can also see him as a “radiant coach” as in he coaches radiants lol.
Play confident. Stop crouching and slow walking everything, everytime.
Because of a friend of mine I always hear „you want to pray let’s pray“
The map is ass respectfully chief. I never dodged it but I understand why people dodge it, worst map in the game by FAR.
Holy shit, best thread I've gone through in this subreddit in a while.
LMAO
I think keyboard and mouse is probably a lot easier to rank up with.
That's a very micro thing that I never even considered! Thank you for pointing that out.
And "lets rotate" then just rotating your character
Yup. Too many fragile egos in val for some reason. In cs people could at least take a joke.
Dogshit once again. Does riot even want me to spend money? Lmfao
Ive had like 10 5 duelist teams in the last 2 months and i only lost 1 of them in ascendant lobbies
I just call him Pikachu
If you play during odd hours you get queued up in bot lobbies cause there’s no other ppl playing.
Salamat thanks (I identify as neon)
You're not the asshole no, but

>so I picked the only character I kind of play

>I never play duelist and don't know the playstyle

Is funny to read.
Is it not possible for the spike to be planted on the bridge, then phoenix ult at the bottom and wall bang the bridge when someone defuses?
Yeah as a cypher main, these nerfs haven’t impacted me too much, and similarly, I haven’t really heard the camera sound either.

Instead I’m just playing bad generally rn lmfao, nerfs regardless.
well i was SMFC in CSGO tbf haha

and like 450+ ADR in PUBG
I've cycled through many, but I usually have one main at a time. Currently Gekko, because he has cool pets, he looks like Slim Shady, and he works well with Jett or Omen, my friends mains.
Prelude to Chaos Vandal is forever aimbot baby
Clove sort of inspects her orb when she holds it for a long time.
yippee a sentinel I can play when on a map that cypher sucks for
Answer: Immortal 1 https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/Spacix%231767/overview
Singularity phantom feels pretty underrated imo. Something about it makes me shoot better.
i think the same thing but with like a fade eye or sova dart and you get all 5
and just like that, everyone has a birthday this week
Iso before was crazy. He could go 5 rounds without a kill because he was first blood all the time trying to get a shield and then suddenly double ace out of nowhere
A lot of people are just reading the first paragraph/issue and completely dismissing any of the valid points.

The issue IS NOT with the fact that you can’t pick up the abilities from unretrievable location, that much is a given.

This issue IS that there are location that you can clearly reach just fine but it still doesn’t let you pick it up. The second and third examples are clear indicators of that.
There is no better training comrade, than fighting to survive.
On Xbox Series S the game will do 60 fps at 4k or 120 fps at 1440p if your TV supports it. It'll do 120 fps at 4k on the Xbox Series X or PS5.
Anne Flank
OnlyCams
LeBronzeJames
Eddie Smurfy
Big Black Odin

And the somewhat offensive:

Phoenix in Paris

All seen in the wild on EU servers.
Don’t listen to OP NEVER CHECK CORNERS ALWAYS ROTATE LIKE THIS!!
this. whenever i pick up a SOL vandal i always hit clean taps, but when i use like neptune or gaia's, i usually spray for some reason and don't hit heads
what in the nintendo 64 resolution
So you took a four week break? Your shots rusty, not making impact kills anymore. From here it, it snowballs. That’s 50 bucks.
Who gives a crap, you're there and you're performing at the level of everyone else.   


As long as you're not evidently worse than everyone and bottom fragging every single game, no one will care how you got there. Enjoy your rank and keep playing :)
A: "hi guys"  

B: \*variety of slurs\*

A: \*doesn't speak again\*  

B: "why no comms in my games"
The sentinel class has never felt well balanced, there’s always one or maybe two of them at the top and the rest suck, as a result they just kept nerfing all of them except cypher who got power crept so got buffs. Sage feels like they just don’t ever want her to be meta and as a kj main holy fuck some of her nerfs feel like they were done so stupid people could deal with her more easily
Lmao average Valorant player discovering how RGB lit signage works (and how detailed the game graphics are in replicating IRL effects)
the actual biggest issue with it is that it disappears right after being destroyed, so enemies have an incentive to always spam it
with teammates like that I would've done the same
they want the social status

same reason people cheat

sad losers who need attention
"Not this patient again, I'm dodging"
The waffle on the left is also in the shape of an 8
He's played only Raze nonstop for the past few weeks on every map, if that's not the definition of a comfort pick idk what is. Even if its just for a challenge his raze is already much better than any other agent he has because his skill on other agents has deteriorated
The default V. Neither does it affect your aim nor the movement
[Taiwan #1](https://youtu.be/xN0vUlljX0I?t=2m13s)
>Ngl im rarely a spiteful person but im kinda glad. He’s turned so bitter and condescending recently and it’s annoying

Yeah I agree, I was never really a fan like others but I liked watching his videos at first. Over time though he started acting weird and I stopped watching him, guy has a huge ego
I get you. The problem is you're an exception and not the rule. 99% of the kids who come in my game are bad and keep screaming on the mic.
some of the pre round voicelines are getting stale
This is for Viper, can’t speak to its efficacy on other agents but:

If you see the enemy and shoot them for 150 before they shoot you for 150 you will kill them 9/10 times. Works really well tbh
In a 1v1 it is a guaranteed win tho, no way to escape it.
I really feel like sometimes people play too much Valorant and get overwhelmed by something in particular and multiply that frustration by x10 lol
The fact that they removed the maps from spike rush and swift play is absurd
overcooked fr
Wow this… this is the clip of all time…
Best fit? Probably Phoenix.

But I do really like Neon's really flexible and athletic-looking outfit and general aesthetic.

My personal pick for best drip is Yoru though.
A lot of the staff gets the nameplates regardless of whether or not they actually played the match. I'm sure there's some list that teams write down showing the players and staff involved and Riot gives them the title and buddy if the team wins. The only other explanation could be the player receiving it as a bug, glitch, or Riot just accidentally gave it to them and he hasn't told a soul about it.
I had a guy do this exact same thing to me. 

Then he changed his rank to Radiant #1 somehow (It was like Gold 3 before or something). 

If you hovered over his name, which would normally say something like "Competitive 5-6" it said "Fuck you Droid". 

So I reported him for cheating lol.  And before anyone says "he wasn't cheating, he just did X, Y, and Z to do that" he proceeded to type "watch this" in chat and then get an Ace.  Then spent most of the game just trolling and standing in corners.  

Its been awhile now, so I can't remember his tracker, but he was still playing every day several weeks after I reported him.  So idk.  Strangest thing I ever saw in game.
her abilities have been nerfed along with the removal of the 5th star. I think even just adding a 5th star and keeping everything the same would make her more playable.
This makes me wish I played video games with my brother so badly. 

Such a cute moment, OP.
Did you manage to get help from your mom?
Its because i got the neptune vandal ( the only skin i want )
Ooof, my boy thought he got it for free with 1000 kingdom credits
Bro I had some guy say he was an ascendant smurf in silver lobbies, and he was still being toxic and trashtalking, what a sad person.
I believe you can raise a support ticket once night market comes back up asking you want your previous offers ( if they are valid offers ), i remember doing the same with league few years ago
A major mistake i see most deadlock players making is setting her sensors for flank instead of where firefights are likely to break out. Perfect example is on Lotus. If you put a sensor in mound it’s way more beneficial there than in spawn.
Friendly Viper, enemy Killjoy, enemy Jett and enemy Harbor essentially have the same ult lines. Gets boring after a while.
Its massive compared to every other map bar icebox and pearl except with very little cover to play around. Because of its size it limits what characters are good so team comps can end up stale with viper, cypher, jett and sova being pretty much staples on the map. Vandal vs phantom is heavily skewed towards vandal whereas on every other map its a lot closer and down to personal preference. Halls is poorly designed and basically just exists as a place for ego duels or lurks that necessitate a trip to prevent every round.
two kinds of initiators man, flash and info
Okay I've changed my mind maybe this will be broken. Seems a bit too easy to unload both shots on a full armor opponent for the kill without having to aim for the head.
It used to be Arcane Sheriff but now with Neo Frontier it's not as big of a regret, so probably Champions 21/22 Bundles.
Okay, that was fucking devious.
League skins don't cost that much tho
Omen made the troll experience the full force of the one thing they were trying to forget; the crushing reality of how truly inconsequential they are.
kinda depends what map you're on, what side you're on, vibes of the game, etc. but I usually don't start thinking about it until 3-10. At 2-11 I'm doing it every time.
As an entry always ask for smokes and a flash, your teammates can't read your thoughts so don't expect them to react on time if you don't communicate.
well the raze I jus played with went 5-18 and couldn’t find a kill anywhere. Definitely rather have you on my team
This is correct. Something a lot of people don't seem to understand about them. There have been times when I don't see any of the cabbages as they pass by me because they targeted 3 of my other teammates who were closer to Skye at the time of casting but I moved forward. They never change who they chase after they have been cast. You can hear and try to shoot them which I have done a few times. Also if you see one, chances are the other 2 are right next to it (especially early on the ult cast) so you can really help your team out by spraying around the visible one in order to catch the 2 other invisible ones.
Already seeing Raze and Breach waiting for you to defuse the bomb before they yeet you out of the map
The codename was already leaked to be SmokeDancer wasnt it?  
Set to release in Act 2 if i am correct.
Not broken. You’re playing him at a time when people have no clue how to counter. This is very common in video games where anytime a new character comes out or gets buffed they do really well competitively until people adjust.
ok lets nerf viper
the immortality is tied to the "2 worlds" aspect, theres a whole nother dimension they have access to
Pheonix is probably the easiest transition.  Self sustain, flash, wall to get into/out of situations, very strong ult.  

You should work on your aim and fundamentals tho.  

Everyone here saying raze as if you flying in and trying to aim mid flight is going to make your inconsistent aim better.  And this is coming from a raze main.
You don't pick duelists to catch lurks you pick them to force out space and take fights

Jett or Raze, if you want something niché yoru's a fun option although not as good
It happened in the future. It's the whole reason KAY/O exists.
He was crouching on top of the ledges corner. A floating cake was there
do u know who i loved, low level accounts who has one previous rank and currently unranked, just had a reyna claim he's not a smurf, one tapping everyone in a gold lobby, like a high diamond / asc player and i've played in high plat / low diamond game is literally cursed with smurfs because they suck at their own elo so they gotta ruin it for others
i love the snacks line because jett has a line like "snack time! oops, only brought enough for me" which me and my friends memed the hell out of, when we heard that line we laughed our asses off
I know what your saying op but if people had flashes that often in TDM i'd lose my goddamn mind
i mean if they're lurking on duelist they're also probably playing duelist wrong so
I'm actually surprised no one tested this when Iso came out!
Split is doable with sage at least for b. You have to do mid pushes instead of a hits though as a is gonna be near impossible I think
I think a way to buff it would be to make it last as a smoke for a couple more seconds after it breaks like maybe 5
Gotta hand it to the devs, they did a great job and somehow made a map that is worse than breeze.
we ballin with the battle pass skins
Movement is everything. Konpeki has a good video. “These 47 minutes cover all valorant mechanics” or something like that. Implement what he shows in this video and you will rank up a lot.
Average solo queue experience right there. Complaining about “stealing” an ace is wild, especially when they don’t comm about it lmao
Riot wants you to have balanced matches but also wants you to give you dopamine from seeing your rank icon change colors.
Killjoy turret is very strong
You have a bad habit of insta crouching and spraying. You should should two bullets, side step, shoot another 2 bullets. Then crouch spray once a bullet connects. This is going to be a hard habit to break. But if you really want to climb, you'll have to get worse first. What I mean by that is you're going to feel like you'll die more often cause you're not shooting back. But implementing this new movement skill will unlock the potential to give you a higher peak rank. Being stationary is no good against higher ranks.  [Video for reference ](https://youtu.be/fJ5ClU3EzWc?si=lgYcb_Kv8sjaypPV)
We got wall smokes, we got dome smokes. 

I want a more direct controller who throws smoke grenades and infiltrates museum break in style. Some kind of metal gear solid stealth tools.
Well you’ve just used game sense to make the decision to jump peek and bait a shot.
Yeah smurfs are an issue but some people act as if theres a smurf every single game thats stopping them from ranking up 💀 Like maybe they just have better game sense or aim then you
Yeah I've thought abt that before, also with KJ, she's like the greatest genius in the world and they just send her to the battlefield?
But it is his ult, not your ult, it makes sense for it to be more biased towards Iso’s team
Surely most of the people doing that are deranking so they can Smurf
Harbor is not exactly a meta controller. He can definitely be a good controller, but he's not your typical pick. And more often than not, people have more impact using omen, brim, viper, and Astra than on harbor. 

May I ask what rank you are in? And has this been a consistent thing?
Glad to see a clutch here that does not involve absolutely perfect pin point shots. Well executed. I get why you looked on the container, but that enemy was in your view, of course the reaction could have been better but I think you did well there :D
Cant wait for the clips of people bodyshotting someone with the outlaw and then having to pull out the lego set
And the neon comes up guns blazing, sliding with no accuracy penalty. Wth rito
Yep you're correct! My rank is dia 3
you get 3 aces in 1 game 🤷
Almost 40 kills + match mvp? Then lose 28rr is just crazy.
It is way better than the no comms lobbies I play in 🥲
Don't listen to people who say they don't aim train / aim training isn't useful.

Yeah some radiant got peak 700 rr with zero aim training but you DO NOT KNOW their past. Maybe they have 4000 hours in csgo or other shooters.

It doesn't matter, if you think you need to improve your mechanics, just aim train.

There are contracted tier 1 pros who aim train consistently. There are 20 adr irons who aim train consistently. There are tier 1 pros who don't aim train. There are iron players who don't aim train.

The only thing you should be wary of is only focusing on aim / getting too confident that you take bad duels etc
but bro, the way they speedrun for the spike . I just can't bro , haahahahaha .

they're pissed after they lose the game , who doesn't angry if they lose from 3-9 to 13 - 11 ? lol
I've been following Woohoojin's content for a long time now. However, I started to lose interest in his videos until he started the "Raze to Radiant" rank push. I watched some of his videos and live streams, and also got excited when Dopai started his "Controller to Radiant" rank push at the same time. As far as I know, Dopai did not have any prior experience playing Controller in high elo. But in almost all the games they played together, Dopai outperformed Woohoojin. In almost no time, Dopai reached Radiant, while Woohoojin got stuck in Immortal. Woohoojin always defends himself by saying that he never played Raze, which is understandable. However, after seeing Dopai reach Radiant on Controller, I started to doubt Woohoojin's ability to reach Radiant (keeping in mind that he was a duelist main with 700+ RR). And now, I stumbled upon this interesting post.
Artistic skill level is off the charts
The amount of people in immortal/diamond who think they’re qualified to talk about smurfing is insane to me. Everything’s a skill issue when you’re already skilled.

Low-tiers should be for casuals and people lacking game sense/ability. A bronze shouldn’t be required to do routine training and play multiple hours a day just to have decent games. That’s the argument.
I've also noticed in LATAM, people in general are becoming dumber or like dead in a sense, at the same rank where a year ago I could ask to coordinate and execute a site with smokes in places, flashes like 9/10 games, now I just get ghosted and people do whatever they feel like...

They only talk to be toxic af
ok but I love his penis op 😂💕
Just spam them in Unrated and practice in a custom lobby.
It should be automatic and it shouldn’t wait for people to count as permanently dc’d lol
The ghost won’t even hit at that pace
In settings I think you can remove callouts like that
if i see my duo on the other team i know im cooked
Prob would have delayed but it was evident that he used valorant as a means of solace . Always energetic and passionate during games, star player of his team and one of the upcoming talents. He has personal issues which he hadn't disclosed what it was but very vocal about his mental health issue. RIP . Wish he recovered.
Valorant has been out for almost 4 years and people still think this game is about raw aim instead of understanding the game.
Keep it up.
Some more background. I’ve the settings for “strongest weapon” and “never knife” activated.
The reason I’m posting it is that it feels like there could be a bug introduced in 6.11?
We also had a Jett which after her dash, was standing with a knife in front of the enemy.

I was lucky that it was the pistol but o was confused completely. You can see that I automatically right clicked because I expected to y zoom in and fire.
Also the magazine wasn’t empty.

So I have no idea why it switched to pistol.

Anyone experienced something similar?
When will it be fixed? Need the spinny  animations to curb my ADHD
He needs to officially apologize and clarify this situation in  a post it on YouTube where people find out about him the most. Secondly any YouTube video that emphasizes that he is a radiant player needs to have a pinned comment with a disclaimer saying he was not a radiant player when this video was made.

It’s very clear his videos and coaching have helped a lot of players and I hope he can continue to do so. If he is serious about “being better“  he can’t just reach radiant now and pretend since he is radiant everything is fine. He needs to actually build back trust by admitting this was not something he did in the past and he has changed  but own up to the fact he has been trying to get away with this until the point he was caught.
I think it has to be his own fire tbh. Radiant abilities and all. Explains why enemy Phoenix can burn him
Absolutely agree. I get that pros can’t be practicing on every map, so a map pool is important, and I get that Riot wants ranked to mimic the pro scene so ppl who play will get into the esports side of things, but mannnn nobody gives a shit. Just make all maps available Jesus Christ lmao
The unloaded shorty did it for me 😂
you don't get anything free if you buy separately
Creating a Smurf account generally skews tracker stats.
Because sage has her wall, she can set it up immediately after planting
yeah you can't 3 stack in immo but you can 5 stack with irons as a radiant... make it make sense
i 1tricked chamber to immo3 470rr. he really aint bad lmao  
he is broken af if u just play him right but that goes for basically any agent
I'm pretty sure that was just a mistake in my editing as I rushed it. (Slowed down some of the super close shots)
Amazing mechanics seems like my easy answer. Grinding aim is super boring to me, but studying the game and how to play it is actually enjoyable. Think it would be ridiculously fun to have mastered mechanics and be able to focus purely on developing game sense
I saw a clip of a teammate reminding Shazam he had raze ult so Shazam wasted his ult to spite them.

You’d think the guy would be humbled after the IBP scandal in CSGO…
Gekko’s “Yo Viper, is that stuff safe to breathe in? I low-key have asthma”, will kill me every time
On Lotus, Omen can tp on top of the rotating doors once they've opened up a little bit.
you're not gonna mention raze not using ult last round instead just swinging
It couldn't have been scripted better. Down to the fifth map. 
GenG, we will see you on the big stage again
Sentinels, way to fucking show up hungry and stay composed
[deleted]
Csgo was hard for me cuz I didn’t know spray patterns
New Fade ability just dropped
Not too familiar with pistol rounds in CS, but the pacing is probably a bit slower since there’s a lot of util that can impact the flow of the round from both T and CT side. You can definitely have faster pistol rounds but you’ll need to coordinate with your team.

SMGs are generally eco weapons or a buy after winning pistol (sorry if that’s a no brainer). They are shorter ranged but are a lot more forgiving in terms of moving inaccuracy. You’ll either be playing in shorter angles that favor the gun on ecos or just outgunning the enemy team on buy rounds.
Do you not know about the Rito meme. It’s ancient.
Is the audio bug still there too? I don't understand why they don't provide hotfixes for these bugs.
Angle snapping isn’t going to make up for a lack of aim or game sense
I'd guess thiccness and strength of the wall. I've had a few double dinks, or even more if my weapon barely gets through the wall lol, unfortunate.
if i can finally smoke off breeze nest with one smoke, i will love this change
"Very high wall penetration" == "Not even Iso's wall stops that bullet".
Holy, the flick to the Brim was crispy af.
It sure is quite balance, extremely rare to have this experience.
and peek an op one by one, preferably 3-5s between each person
Can't, no flash
The first light was recent (the event where radianite "first" appeared) however we already know of radiants older than that. Reyna is well known to be ancient, she talks about it constantly, and also yoru's mask is canonically ancient, but has radianite inside of it.
Most likely your friend on different id
Noob team, no follow up. I’m already backsite
You wouldn’t but you can three stack and the fourth random player could just think it’s funny to kick someone. Especially if they’re like 12 yrs old and it’s in a bronze lobby or smthing
LFG! Glad I saved up for this.   


* New model, new VFX, new SFX, new kill banners
* Music on inspect
* VCT logo on the gun fills up with kills, maxing out at 24 - I like how the number of kills does not affect the whole gun but just a small part.
* Top fragging gets you the Champions Aura
* 24 kills gets you a unique gold "cracked" texture on the gun
* Finisher - went crazy on this one. Plays the Champions theme, pulls all of the agents you killed into a supernova, shootable asteroids, you can POSE inside it in third person, jeez.
* Melee - new unique animations for the katana. Same Aura and golden cracked texture as the gun for performing well.
co-op in genshin is super wholesome ngl
Dude has nothing going on in his life, play val, smurf, post smurf clips, feel good about himself, repeat.
Aimed too high
I'd much rather them just straight up say "This skin costs $50" Than "This skin costs 2300 cock points and you need 50 cum points to level it up to the max level, that costs $50."
If they take it out, I'm uninstalling, lol
Cypher would get banned every single game in lower ranks
Why is that a real sub?
Honestly I think it’s cuz I hate myself
but they wouldn't easily spend it with us 🥺
same, unless we have premade 5 stack then I show my rank to flex because of how hard the rank reset hit me lmao
Gotta learn all the sick lineups with the help of physics.
Another thing is that he's one of those agents that can abuse verticality... Tp on top of boxes when pushing and defending, get access to angles you will never play as brimstone.

Those vertical positions are very powerful in both attack and defence, as you will have a favourable gunfight most of the times.
Im not even sure how the collat on the fade was possible from that range but hey it worked
It's simple. Because people extremely overvalue teamplay and util usage that helps your team, when for a majority of ranks just getting kills already puts you at a huge advantage. She just enables those who want to play "cod yolo simulator" and is I'm 100% on the "she should be reworked" train. But she won't be because she's very popular.
Everyone is crouch shooting cuz you’re in bronze.
Miruspixels is a crazy up and coming young talent 
🗣️ 🔥 🔥
It does sort of come down to learning abilities, and also learning how to deal with them to match your playstyle. 

For example if you're playing killjoy, yoru's common play pattern is sending his tp back site and combining his tp + flash to get back site and shoot defenders in the back. You can counter this by either looking out for his tp as it travels and breaking it, or waiting for the tp and dodgong the flash to get a free kill when he tps. Kill him a couple times this way and he'll likely never attempt it again.

If neon is getting past your setup before you can trigger them, try to stagger your alarmbot and mollies further apart. This gives you more time to activate your mollies after the alarmbot is set off. You can also place your mollies close to you instead of in the common chokes, so that it forces neon to take a different pathing and it gives you more space to fight around. You can also mix it up and manually hold your alarmbot instead of relying on mollies, so when neon is trying to speed past it you just shoot her for free. 

As for gekko, either you just have to aim faster, or take cover. It's like cs flashes, if they throw a bad one you can react and dodge, if they throw a good pop flash you just get flashed. For gekko though if you're holding an aggressive angle you can also ask for your teammate to pre-aim the sky and shoot the flash for you. Just make sure your teammate actually understands exactly what you need and agrees. They have other things to do too so you can't just say it and expect it to happen. They may also just whiff, it's fine. They're also new.

You can break iso's shield by jiggling and spamming a few shots, using utility like kj mollies/shock darts/nades, or wallbanging. Iso makes a loud sound when he activates his shield so you know exactly where he is and makes this easier. His shield duration is getting lowered and he will no longer get a reset every 2 kills next patch, so there's that.
When you’ve been playing so much Valorant that everything you see is Valorant:
As a KJ main, this made my swarm grenades tingle... <3
Can’t hear you over the sound of my team’s footsteps rushing B
Yeah, we in silver are having a wonderful time getting one tapped by high gold/low plat. Getting one tapped 10 seconds into the round is super fun!
idk, I feel like that would just make his wall neons but with damage no? Tbh, pretty much every duelist is viable atm except Neon.
She's okay. I love running away from her ult and letting her die whenever possible. It's annoying when teammates unnecessarily fight it
Swiftplay has become the best gamemode since it released for me and its not particularly close. Very lame that variety of maps is being sacrificed
As a left handed person who uses the mouse left handed

you are in a forever dabbing position with yours arms when you do this lol

I like using default keybinds and to not have a forever dabbing position you would have just to change everything just about except for jump lol
I believe it's swarm grenade
imagine if we had some sort of replay system to confirm subtle cheaters. 

All "Replay system when?!" jokes aside, it would be a huge help in spotting more subtle cheaters.
He's just widely known as having a massive ego and being an asshat in general
sova is so boring as a character ngl. but kayo is still pretty goofy tbh
Well, that's interesting. This is pretty damning evidence of account sharing at the least, if not an outright account purchase.
Clove became Omen
It depends. If they push into a site and you can see four on the minimap and after some long fight, they slowly all die while you’re still lurking? Yeah you’re baiting. Or maybe you see many on the minimap, and you don’t say “I’m up on B, rotate, rotate”, and your team dies? Yeah you’re throwing too.

If they get absolutely deleted in like five seconds? Unfortunate. Not your fault.
that’s a totally unique name, how dare you
126 since Marshall does 101 imo
The outlaw is probably coming with a new neo frontier bundle imo
Make it so that he heals you by flexing his muscles infront of you
Knife them
Beside crouch head level trip you can also put lower trip on where people likes to plant or put it high to specifically counter jett / raze who kept going to same spot as they will get stuck mid air
Should've been me
What a relief! Dude, I wish sometimes I cross paths with players my age
My teammates were scared to peek the enemy iso because that mf swung everything
Genuinely wintrading in gold would be just about impossible since there are just too many players at that elo to consistently queue into the same game as someone. Maybe it would be possible if you’re playing on a server with a really low player count, but other than that, it’s really only possible at high elo
I just use the default settings. Haven’t touched it at all.
As one of the former Diamond players who winds up in these lobbies and it's not fun on our end either. I feel obligated to drop 30 kills every game and drag the team across the finish line. Even when I gain twice the RR vs when I lose, I feel like I get significantly more AFKs and Throwers than when I'm playing with other Diamond players, and it keeps me in these games for longer. One game I legitimately though someone was botting because their aim was so unnatural looking, until someone asked and they said "this is my first ranked game".

Why are we in the same lobby?
Congratulations on the wedding! What an awesome and thoughtful gift! You both look great as well!

All the best as you start this new chapter!
Make him not slow teammates with util
That fling was kinda funny
so much for the please don't fix OP haha
If you are willing to venture out of EU, then try the Mumbai server in Asia. You won't understand a single thing being said cuz people will talk in hindi, but let me warn you that every time you miss even the hardest angles, your entire family reaching back 14 generations and coming 14 as well are gonna get roasted more than they had in their entire lives.
[deleted]
Tldr form is basically go in dms and practice aiming at your opponents head while not shooting. This lets you build patience and precision and you won't resort to automatically crouch spraying as soon as you see an enemy. 

As for the actual name, its a reference to Mr. Miyagi from The Karate Kid movies and his method of teaching karate.

"Focus on the fundamentals and resist the urge to find a shortcut in practice"

Crouch spraying and bad hygiene in dms will never help you actually improve, so this builds discipline.
Funny thing is he plays support roles when we play unrated
man i really thought i was stupid
If you're going to play all day have a planning like :

- Workout
- Stretches
- Aim Training
- In Game practice (Vod this)
- Ranked games


I've been there, the no life style for some time, and you'll definitely fuck up your wrists and elbows if you shrimp at a desk constantly.

You become better at the game with a body that is more fit, and you develop better muscle memory as well.
I’m a viper main who got into the game when breeze out of the rotation, so I didn’t miss it and didn’t like it cause everyone else hate it but then I got to play it and now I have 91.7% win rate on it so I like it
Shrimp. Crab, cleavage.

That's what my discord calls them
I’m literally like 95% from unlocking gekko… it’s really hard when you don’t consume digital media as much cause i didn’t know they’ll do this
i A site, i love being shot at from 6 different angles just trying to clear a corner
Based.
For Raze, if you hit the enemy in the chest with the rocket it can do anywhere from 0-149 damage!
Well had she not been there you would have a serious walk of shame 20 feet before dying. At least she gave you a chance.
I think an earlier death barrier when u drop would be better
ive seen people who play just as long as you and theyre still bronze. give yourself some credit lol
Aussies are genetically 200 times more confident than the average person.   


Source: trust me bro
Shit got me confused.
That's called burnout and that's okay. Try single-player story-based games instead, or as they say in summary, go out and "touch grass"  


Competitive games tend to be repetitive and it should be to keep it competitive.
Just play. If you are iron the last thing you should worry about is ranks. Shoot people.
I used to use the CTRL key to shoot.

.

..

...


and arrow keys to move.
You dont get a 3 month ban for 3 leaves, I left games I was being trolled in and got banned at max 2 weeks
I didn't even think about how iso plays into the op meta. Thank you so much for bringing that to my attention
And still lost the round smh
You're probably not going to like this answer but the most reliable way to get out of low elo is to just kill your opponents. Practice your mechanics, play shitloads of Deathwatch, find an aimlab routine if this is your first competitive shooter. In ranked, forget about utility, forget about theory, strategy, forget about any guides telling you to "abuse this one simple trick to get to diamond!" Run with your teammates and take every duel that presents itself. Don't even bother buying your agent's spells. In as little as a week you're going to see drastic improvement. I've seen Iron gameplay, there are no words to describe what happens down there. People playing with Sims 4 mouse sensitivity, commenting on the colour of the ceiling to their irl friend sitting next to them while a gunfight is breaking out nearby,  going afk while still alive in the middle of the round to go make a sandwich... Like what the fuck lol.
There's an ankle-high ledge around the majority of the map, it'll be fine. Plus, it's too early to say anything about Yoru being meta or not, because it takes the community months of research to come up with stuff that he can abuse (teleport line-ups reaching behind enemy lines, etc.).

One clear and obvious strength of his however, is that the map is really fucking massive and his defensive TPs help massively in that regard. 70% of the reason why Yoru became meta on Breeze lately is that alone, lol. It takes the whole roster (barring Neon) a year and a half to rotate from site to site through spawn. It takes him a second. There's a lot of immediate value in that.
Your duo who knows you best said it's how you come across, and instead of working on those soft skills you reject that idea and came to reddit seeking validation. You've been told you're arrogant and bossy but haven't really internalized it and deny being arrogant. Yes there are many individuals that will straight up have a problem with any kind of authority but it sounds like to me that you need to make an effort and try to internalize why your communication isn't working.
Of course, anything above $1.5k or so should be able to hit that comfortably on val. You could probably build one yourself for 1k and still hit that.
I wouldn’t say that I throw, but I’ve definitely held toxic teammates hostage when they try to surrender
Vabdal 👍
Yeah lol , smurfs would just jump to another pub stomper like phoenix or iso

Also I think the dismiss is more annoying than the heal (except pistols)
Deadlock is far from useless lol, her post plant is one of the strongest in the game.
*Running towards site*

*OH YEAH BABY WE’RE GONNA ENTER*

*ENTERS*

*DIES*

*LOOKS AT MINI MAP AND EVERYONE STOPPED IN MAIN*

*WTF :(*
because they are noob who can't click head before dying to lmg
I think it would be helped if they doubled the slots, or at least made it six. Four items makes it so hard to get what you want lol. I guess they really want to make sure people don't stop buying battlepasses
amazon. they do val gift cards with zero tax
In which server?
The first time I just stared blankly at my screen, *who am I without my main?!*

Luckily im now comfortable with a couple more agents than just my main lol
Just remember, when people flex their immortal buddies, this is how they got them lmao
reynas are always fuckin dramatic for no reason
Team composition does not matter. IMO, don't go dualist and instead play an agent you enjoy playing and become really good at it. 

I personally enjoy Cypher on Sunset, Breeze, Ascent as I have the most fun playing that agent on those 3 maps.
Throw in Nikola Jokic who treats his NBA career like a 9 to 5 despite winning the NBA Finals as well as winning the MVP twice.
Timmy the turret never misses
we posting dm clips now?
"It's you and them now"
Is there any people who use the right people to break it ? The only wall who is worth to break with right click is the door on abyss that is hit kill on the door
so 

c - activate after killing an enemy, after dying they can place down a dark smoke

q - ball she throws that explodes on contact, probably tethers

e - bright smokes

x - revives upon death
in Counterstrike there are only a handful of ways to close distance on an awp.

&#x200B;

in Valorant there are numerous ways.  

&#x200B;

Like you said - if they miss you lose.  Now have two people do that.
i disagree with anyone who says oni
People get so frustrated in low elo over bad plays but like .. you’re in bronze my guy, what do you expect
What the fuck was that?
But their teammate also clearly saw the ult.
Not the exact same but one time I Deadlock ulted someone at the same time my Iso ulted them and the cocoon teleported to the arena. The 1v1 ended immediately for some reason but the cocoon never teleported back and got stuck in the arena and when it broke the enemy fell into the void lol
I think it only has Abyss, Bind, Haven, and Ascent right now. Hope they add in the rest before the betas over.
YEEESSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!
Double peek and double die to collat. Classic
Hard to get scammed into buying anything when there are previews, a two week window, & every steamer uses it instantly. 

You simply have buyers remorse & that’s ok.
*rEfResHiNg*
[removed]
Which servers do you play on?   I don't experience this much.
you don’t get banned for valotracker 💀
Bro just wants to chill after work and have nice skins like everyone else.. and then you come and tell him he earns too little and should spend it somewhere else. Not nice :c
People need to stop tripping about crossplay. This will most likely be like Rainbow 6 where it has different servers with crossplay between consoles only and PC and cloud services only.
Only read the title, as someone who has played against immortal 1-3 and radiants, yes, immortal players are very whiny about everything, less than ascendant players but not by much.

They are normally the first to cry when they get tapped at the same angle 5 times and somehow manage to blame anyone but themselves for it.
~~B main chokepoint on~~ Fracture is terrible
   
Fixed it for you
Chose Omen cause he looked cool. Ended up loving his build, versatile with smokes, movement options, blinding, and a good ult.
100%. My first few games this act I got absolutely lasered, then read about horror stories like this due to ranked changes for this season.

Love the game but I’ve been sticking with Swiftplay and Unrated until things hopefully cool off in another few weeks.
If they’re holding that angle and you crouch they are no longer head level with their crosshair placement on you and you get the advantage.
Some of the smokes I've seen even by higher rank players has really shown how little people play controller though
Does she need a nerf? Viper is well below her peek power. So is jett, raze, chamber, etc. Not saying any of the agents should have stayed that strong, but valorant has the opposite of power creep. Power droop?

Maybe instead of dumpstering the kits of well design agents, they should look to make other agents have strong/flexible kits as well.

I play Valorant instead of CS for a reason. What's the point if we dumpster util until gun fights are 95% of the game?
I guess no different than Osu, lots of people use mouse + keyboard
Me getting 10 on easy💀
odds are that ur gamertag is connected to smth else that connected to something else that’s connected to… ur address.
That one brimstone one that goes along the lines of "this old dog can still do tricks" or something like that
In general I always buy my teammate if I can, no matter their score. 

We have a better chance of winning the round with 5 rifles as opposed to 4.

However there are exceptions like if I know they are on eco or they have an Outlaw. In that case I think the full armor gives me a better chance to win the round than to give my under-performing teammate a Vandal.
Only way to deal with people that create smurfs to be toxic
That, or completely useless and then buffed into brokenness.
Everyone blankly staring at each other and no one breaks the sova recon.
That definitely deserves a sight from Riot Devs
Freedom is not allowed in reddit
I don’t think I’ve ever went through four full mags of a phantom or vandal anyways so I don’t think this change is too drastic for me. 

If you really want to spray I’ll remind you the Odin exists with the same ammo as before.
Most of the time when I'm using a controller or Cypher I use Phantom. For initiators and other sentinels I use Vandal. Although it really depends on how I'm performing in a match, if I'm missing duels or shots I change weapons and if I'm doing poorly with both of them then I guess it's shotgun time
Thanks, will share this feedback with the VO team!
The best ones are the people who make the smurfing videos, then like a week later release a video talking about smurfing being a problem, as if they didn't directly contribute to the problem 💀.
Hooj also offers up his own low elo community (with their permission of course) to do 10 man in-houses if they need "smurfing" content so it doesn't ruin anyone's rank.
ahh phoenix so that they can blind the whole team again and again
Insecure guys scared that you'll play better than them, or guys that want to pin a loss on anyone but themselves/their friends, and find a woman in the lobby to be the easiest target. Guys who are sexist/racist/bigoted in game are the same people that think that way outside of the game, so I'm guessing Valorant (like many FPS games) attracts that sort of crowd for some reason.
Report people in game, clip what they say and report them on the website, and mute them to try and stop it from getting to you. It's shit, but it's all you can do. Alternatively, play with at least two other people so that you're always in the majority of the team. You and your friends can then stick up for yourselves and people will feel less confident in being shitheads if they're in the minority of the team
Music is so nostalgic
they won't the limit of art for vp is 50 vp
Well.....it is true.
Are you asking for a friend? 😏
iron/bronze: super shaky, instant reload, fake plant when there’s not enough time, get a lucky kill and it’s a career highlight
I hate Icebox more, but Breeze is for sure a close 2nd.
I am so conflicted about those ammo reserve changes.
> Moving forward, players will have a connected, shared inventory and gameplay progression tied to their VALORANT account across all platforms, allowing for cross-platform progression. 

Also this
OP shit💀
honestly this doesn't even make sense. the only time I'd say its "stealing the ace" is when someone gets 4 kills and youkill the last one
just fyi, not only i was scared but i thought i heard two enemies fake sneaking into B
Aim for waist hight with OP
I really just wish there was a dedicated solo queue because having a 3 stack on each team is a drastically different game than 10 solo queues
one ability i think is a strong contender that might not be mentioned as much is kayo knife - strong info, goes through walls, can singlehandedly stop executes or make rushes possible through disabling cypher/kj/viper stalls, even if shot, it provides info similar to sova dart
Mb5 :)

It's typically my 'E' ability but for raze I made it her satchel.
Love how it clips out right before they whiff the shots just like a YouTube fourk
Clove can be killed twice if she ults
The amount of 6-0 and/or 9-3 starts that I somehow end up losing the past few months in diamond is crazy.
I have anxiety due to my experience of sexism
If I understood correctly, Omen's job was to kill Viper to avoid revealing the secret of Radiante to the world. But Viper ended up killing Omen and, because Omen was infused with Radianite (the green thingy Viper was holding) he transformed into a ghost.

Maybe Omen's job was bounty hunter then? That would make sense due to the theories that Iso is a parallel version of Omen that didn't die, considering that Iso is also a bounty hunter.

The guy at the end did turn into ashes, maybe he is also a radiant...? It kinda makes sense because he didn't want the world to know about Radianite, and considering they seem to be a powerful organization, maybe they wanted Radianite to themselves.
its easier to farm assists as a smoker tho
Saving is less fun than going for the clutch, and for CTs you get like no money if you survive but lose
Learnt that from dunkey lmao
I think neon has incredible potential to pop off. But I don’t like her because every neon ever on my team goes 7-22 and I wish I was exaggerating. I don’t think I’ve ever seen a top frag neon.
Kay/o has the most similar kit but the biggest things I’ve gone through was.

1. Counter strafing is less used and deadzoning is more used

2. Wide swinging when you know where someone is, is usually more effective 

3. Jett is good for getting used to the gun fights. Pop dash, start gun fight, 2 bullets, dash out.
I feel those last sheriff shots lmao
word that shit needs simplified, I was trying to explain it to a buddy who just started playing yesterday it was a fuckin mess
You might need a graphics card upgrade, my Valorant is definitely has three dimensions.
Your aim is so good! If you don’t mind sharing, what is your rank? I’ll definitely give this aim routine a try
Deadlock trips apply grav net seize and pulls them towards the wall the trip is on
It’s a tac shooter at the end of the day, they don’t want agents carried fully by utility which is why they opt for nerfs over buffs
I was playing ranked with my trio. This pheonix was pointing out the most trivial mistakes passive aggressively.

We were just laughing on our mistakes while Pheonix wanted us to take it seriously. Btw, each player was contributing their best. No one was playing bad on purpose. Still this dude was whining continuously. This slowly matured into remarks about our families. That is when we snapped and started sabotaging him. He threatened to report us. We didn't care. As we lost the final round, he declared he will never play this shitty game again.

Peak satisfaction. Even better than winning.
By the time we get this new duelist (probably around October to November) it will be nearly 2 years since the last one was added, which was Neon. I would say it's about time we're due for another one.
nah just seems like he's burnt out, happens
i love when the enemies call me bad because i got 2 -5 kills first half then proceed to shit on their souls in the 2nd half. i also love it when my team flame me and something similar happens and then before i know it they're calling me "insane" when i start hitting my shots.
The e-couple names’ the final nail in the coffin
Using focus-mode triggers alt-fire for bucky/classic on console.
Jokes aside, isn't 900 ish hours since 2020 kinda normal?
Breeze will forever be hot diggity dog shit, but I am glad this change is being made. Still, get this awful map out of comp and bring back Haven or Pearl.
Seems okay but we should nerf Chamber.
Yeah OP should turn on the bullet accuracy chart (or use a crosshair with accuracy indicators). Would help them know when bullets will go to the crosshair, and when they are going elsewhere.
Not even gonna try
Never played LoL but i believe you
Brim rechargeable smokes would be broken. The reason his don’t recharge and he gets 3 is because they’re extremely noob friendly and very fast to drop AND you can drop all 3 at preset points.
I'm curious how it'll be handled in Russian, because the Russian 'neuter' pronoun implies inanimacy (like calling a person 'it' in English) and neopronouns have approximately zero cultural penetration there for reasons obvious to anyone that knows Russian culture. Will be interesting to see how this is handled!
Every channel in it is locked rn
Cypher got jacked up so well his pick rate has increasedq
Never ask a Valorant player why their clip ends in a 4K
It's a game. It's not like the maps are particularly functional either. It's just one of the many quirks video games have. Sometimes you need to sacrifice immersion for fun
translation: im gonna buy phantom until my first 140 betrays me and then remind myself why i stick to vandal
you just called me bad in a fancy way, im hurt😞
WILDDD this is damning evidence 💀💀
How do you get so many people to knife fight lol. Everyone insta shoots at me :\*(
Yeah, but came back to normal life as if they killed someone
1. Impact kills. Are you entrying, or baiting? Etc.
2. You've only played 25 games. Your winrate should (in theory) even out over time. I've seen people on this sub report 10+ loss streaks. Shit happens, but if you play more games, your winrate will eventually gravitate towards the percent you actually deserve.
3. Since it's the start of a episode, a ton of people have been reset to their MMR instead of their elo. In theory, this means that the skill variance in all of your games is much greater than last act. I don't think this really affects solo queue players too much, but if you exclusively trio or 5-stack, you might be feeling it pretty hard. My 5-stacks yesterday kind of felt like, "can I smurf harder than the other guy?"
It’s almost like maps designed around the ability to smoke off choke points and slow rushes would value an agent that can constantly do this. Unlike the other smokes agents who have a finite number of smokes, or slow recharge.

The issue is that these are basically counter strike maps but you only have 2-3 smokes generally. While viper can constantly apply pressure through lurk walls on attack, or alternate orb + mollies on defense. There just isn’t enough utility to go around usually for other agents, while viper is basically infinite.
League players? You mean the biggest esport that also just won best esport of the year (and the only one to ever win that award lol)?
Someone I know bought an account a couple months ago, has now been banned.
Yes a lot of people do depending on their econ
Do some aim training and find out what works best for you.

In general high sensitivity makes it incredibly hard to be precise.
any kuronami
Lol what that’s fucking genius bro. Getting one now
It doesnt heal anyone. Think of it as different instances. When he ults you, it gives you a 1v1 with the hp and armor you had at round start (so if you bought half shield you only get half shield in ult). When you leave the ult you come back out as if nothing happened (i.e you return the the hp you had when you got ulted)
Omg yes I do have the gamepass thank you
Yay
We don't rlly use it cuz using smaller cross or a dot makes it easier for us to tap headshots and most ppl don't rlly need movement error
I fully blame overwatch
At your rank I suggest prioritize your own play first. If your teammates need util they can comm it to you, unless they are just finding a reason to start some shit
This map has to be the least bug tested map. There’s omen TP glitches, Jett’s floating in the air for 30s to win rounds, phx walking on the bottom of the map lol
This is a joke right? Nothing like that happened once in my silver games
Yup. I hear scout used all the time
1. How's that aby different from other duelists like Reyna or Phoenix popping their ability around a corner and their team swinging?

2. The whole point of util is to be used against a push? And you can always wait out his shield and then play retake.
Yeah I think the vulnerability he applies is what’s going to make him pop off. I played with against an immortal player who had his timing down on that vulnerable and on bind every time we went through a choke we were hit by it and melted. Don’t even need to headshot a KJ turret can cut the team down lol.
Oxy will gain popularity soon this season… His last performance was insane
I don't ask for skins and just take them from dead players, feels even better😅
I don't see the sense in buying skins in this game when you can always have different skins without paying, only skins i would buy are knife ones.
JETT I WANNA SLOWLY GLIDE TO THE GROUND AND DASH AGAINST A WALL WHILE BREAKING ALL MY BONES
Thanks for gathering these! I completely forgot to check after the update. As someone who enjoys the lore, I really appreciate you for posting!

I wonder what kind of intel Deadlock has and if it has anything to do with the people behind Gekko's buddies. I'm really intrigued as to how they were created. And I'm guessing what bit on Deadlock's arm was a mutated polar bear of some sorts?
It's Reyna, and it's not even close. Reyna is a Radiant supremacist who is addicted to killing people, she straight up caused the apocalypse and it is implied that she killed every single VP agent before KAY/O could stop her.
riot isn’t going take away any rr, nor will they care. if you really don’t belong one rank ahead you will derank eventually
IMO itd be great if they reduced the duration of his shield by a couple of seconds. nothing major. i would say hes just a bit overtuned, nothing "OP"
Yeah he’s definitely going to be meta in pro with how they butchered skye. Gekko does the same things as her now except he also has a molly and can plant the bomb with his gun out lol

Bind, sunset, probably lotus and can see him being played for sure
it’s like the sao vr headset that shoots you if you die ingame
Phoenix seems to only be able to come back if he “flares” first. We see this in the cinematics.

I.E his ultimate is canon in the lore and if you kill him without him using his ultimate you kill him for good. Unless of course Sage comes along.
Yeah it's the cringy annoying teens who get mad because you won't participate in their Roblox RP server. I'm just trying to enjoy playing the game, regardless of mode.
Not just those two either, it’s disgusting that content creators and tier 1/2 players are getting away with this scot free since it generates revenue for Riot.

Then Westjett tries to sell his account to raise money for charity and Riot hops on it right away.
Get on estrogen
Youre.... 28.... im never gonna understand these posts. OBVIOUSLY THE ANSWER IS NO
Bro who gives a fuck I’m 30 and destroy kids on that daily around diamond elo
all im hearing is you gotta make 2 art
Omen looked to the side, you just nicked his ear
I disagree with people who say you shouldn't say anything. Say something, then mute and report. If you say nothing, you're just leaving the person being attacked alone. This person, here a woman, is having a horrible game. Knowing that someone is on her side will help make the game a little more enjoyable. It's not about taking a grand stance, but more about being nice and supportive. If you do it, you don't do it against them, you do it for her.

And then you'll probably both mute the idiots and end up only together in vocal chat, and enjoy your game together, making fun of these idiots.

It happened to me once that I was the only one telling a kid to shut up while he was being sexist. We ended up muting him, and then we had a nice talk, added each other and played together later. We turned something really annoying into something nice.
Cuz early in the game there wasnt much coaches in the YouTube and even the general knowledge about the game was kinda poor 
but now like everyone reach high rank just open channel and coach through thier vids in ty And people start watching pros through reels and such stuff 
So u can see bronzes  giggle peek and do such stuff in thier lobby
i’ve seen worse. baiting your brim was foul though. don’t do that
So neon will effectively have a triple slide with with ult, be more accurate, and move faster. Neon mains are feasting.
Yeah, that's how that happened. It was so weird to me that he was all, "You stole my ace!" and kept going... like...k...sorry... >\_>   
>\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_>
Fr I wish they'd never remove it. It's such a fun thing to do and it reminds people that games are meant to be fun
Abilities were used.
so thats why my prime vandal always feels like it hits like a fucking truck
They don't get a chance because people aren't as bad as these people.
Bring germans in for a spicy mixture
Holy low elo
there was this reyna today talking about how he doesnt like the judge gun because he doesnt like judges and that his baby mama is taking him to court for abuse 😭
Any rank Ascendant or higher you would have been bursted and fully executed on before you threw that trip.

Maybe even in diamond you'd get run over. But simply too slow to put the trip and you give your position away.
Tbh, it really sucks how Riot never really does anything special. I'd absolutely love more mini games during certain seasons and other event mini games or seasonal event passes with themes.
*My whole team standing in main, dumbfounded at how I moved through the completely impenetrable Viper wall*
yeah i just hit a penalty too! even though i picked my character..
Yeah I feel like lots of people would be able to have drastic improvement if they could see all game povs, it would allow for people to be a lot more critical of their gameplay.
Sage is such a bro
Roza is the only callout consistently used. The others here aren't a real thing
Experience it often. I just laugh and say they shouldn’t die/report. I am a gamer dad, I report any toxic stuff. I like friendly jazzing, but the toxic stuff gets a report. T bagging is fine tho, I just ask Reyna if she is making oolong tea? (It’s always Reyna😂)
So you're saying his shampoo is propane.
Deadlock: Kill them quickly, there's no need to make the enemy suffer.

Also Deadlock: *PULL THEM TO THEIR GRAVE*
Spamming smokes is part of the game. One of the benefits the phantom had over the vandal. The invisible tracer rounds of the phantom are mostly pointless now.

Sage directly gets a buff from this as well because breaking her wall is essentially going to use a third of your ammo.

Its just not something that affected the game really
real question, if there are a bunch of enemies in the region for the iso ult, how does it choose which one? closest or random?
As Iso, you can ult the clone instead of an actual player, meaning you can still fake your clone
This isn't an airport. You don't need to announce your departure.
The official term for those airport things, at least in building planning in my part of the world (nyc), is “people movers”. Kind of funny imo
Great job! Idk why sage would res her bot fragger tho lmao
It really depends on how you are playing those camping spots etc. 

If you are playing post plant and helping the team and the enemy doesn’t clear you then they are just raging to rage and that means you are in their head.

If you are hiding and not helping your team post plant and don’t hold angles or trade and let your team die 1 by 1 so you can “stay hidden” and your team is the ones getting mad at you then it’s an actual problem lol 

Also fuck the Odin 😂
you are correct. your hidden mmr is lower than your rank.
I generally pick sage when i don't wanna do shite lmao
Just lag prob
lies, as the youngest of my siblings I can tell you we're pretending
Been here for a while. My favorite one is when Killjoy ask Cypher to look at his computer and he says : Oh no poor child, I must protect you
I’ve heard of this before but like, why would they be that way even tho no one else being toxic. No one to be shielded from? Idk
Theyre just overwhelmed and taking it out on you.  

Some players do need the reminder, some players can't handle any sounds/stress, some players are very aware of how much time is left.
If it’s the size of Omen smokes, that’ll be not quite. You’ll still leave a small gap on one side or the other. I think you need either Astra or Viper orb to do it completely.
I went to a stream, said he was baiting his team and got banned.

Dude literally complains about everything, poor acting doesnt help either lol
A Judge bursting 100 bullets at once? I like that idea.
i just play lol
iiTzTimmy streamed himself smurfing for days, got perma banned(or was it an account lock?) live on stream for account sharing/smurfing, went to talk to his org, his org talked to riot, riot unbanned iiTzTimmy's smurf account, iiTzTimmy went live smurfing again on that same account. I honestly think riot is going to keep their eyes closed on this one.
I wouldn’t say lurking is baiting, but a lot of people lurk who shouldn’t lurk. And just because they get a kill or two, doesn’t make them impactful.
That might just be lower rank inconsistencies. I have gone 23/8 and 8/23 in the same night
clean
The "I miss her" lore gets deeper
“Guys please I have to go!” 

If you didn’t have time for a full game of valo then don’t que it? Play swift play. Or better yet, alt f4 and take the penalty instead of asking your team to ff for you.
I remember the first time I experienced the 3-9 comeback and won when I was fairly new to the game.
Nahhh whats with the subtitles bruh its just scottish
I’m a plat 1 who’s only been playing the game for 2 months, and I can confirm that buying spectre and full shields after winning pistol round has increased my match win rate quite a lot. Players seem to forget that rounds one and two are basically the most important rounds of the entire half, at least thats the way I see it.
These comments are all false. It's definitely a chamber's fault. Riot has to nerf him ASAP.
Unfortunately, the KAYO knife (gameplay wise) doesn't stop anything that is sustained

Prime examples include Viper Ult.

ISO's shield is like Jett's dash, the dash's timer isn't cancelled (like ISO's shield duration) but the dash itself is stopped
any justification to why using 1600 0.1 instead of 800 0.2?
All reynas across all ranks have the same attitude lol
From the wiki which sources a Sage voice mail: The variety of radiant powers can be grouped under a spectrum; whilst many radiants are the source of their own powers, other can have complications or can only gain access to radiant powers through using some sort of object.


So Harbor and Gekko may not be recognized as full or natural Radians, but may be considered partial depending on perspective.
Bro got caught and then immediately doubled down on lying when there's proof in front of his eyes. Gotta give him props for being so blatant
nope, you need to buy everything in the premium shop now
I mean they are new player. They don't even know, the skills of other agent.
you write like how woohoojin talks
I’m not asking for there to not be consequences. Remakes don’t need to happen after round 2. But far too often someone DCs in the middle or end of round one and the game doesn’t register it as a full disconnect until the start of round 3. Meaning we are prevented from voting for a remake in round 2 because the persons body spawned in game
He can still snowball at the start of the round, but now you wont see him with shields late into the round anymore
Dementia
Cool lineup
hakuna matata
The thing I love most about Araxys for some reason, and the white variant specifically, is the bullet tracers. Idk how to explain or why but I just love it.
I have never really had too much trouble against odin, they are usually stationary when spraying down so you can sort of pinpoint their location from the sound and bullet tracer easily. Pre aim that spot and wide swing it (or tight peek depending on where the dude is spraying).

Another option would be flash. In that team comp phoenix flash is not exactly the best for breeze unfortunately, but I would ask the phoenix to wall into site, that would help give cover to enter the site safely or at least put pressure making the omen think you already entered the site. Cypher cage can help you cross as well. If that can't work a split push from mid or hall might be another way to do it. I'd usually go for a split push when playing against odin player.
they're straight up just nerfing every character I play at this point
B Rush?
How did Yoru fuck that up lmao
Reload at 23 bullets is wild, nice clip tho
Oh helll naw. I'm a neon main and I would be a DEMON if I could double slide on mfs. Can you imagine double forward sliding or some crazy strafe sliding. A man can dream.
the guy in the video says it's not busted and then goes on to show clips of him gliding on Deathmatch. That definitely gives you an unfair advantage and Riot rightfully put rules in place to prevent this. If I had this I would be Immo already.
tilt the enemys, valorant is a mental game
Why do I feel like the elephant in the room are devices that let you use KB&M with console anyway. I know R6S had a huge problem with it, and how can you even compete against that with a roller?
Because it would be broken to hold an entire site down with something like a raze ult that can be fired at any time. Most but not all the commit ults are ones that provide immediate util on attack, whereas things like brim is often much more useful on defense. The latter requires more of a thought as to the timing of a push and can be used on retake as well. Now this isn’t universally true, but I’d imagine some ults were pretty oppressive in internal testing if they were sheathable indefinitely because people would be scared to push site.
What the hell do you press it with
Definitely tucked hugging the wall between tree and the door.  Then gets an insane timing peaking as soon as you look away and swaps places with your astra.
Worst idea i’ve ever heard respectfully
most sports or esports do though.... i just dont think valorant has been around long enough to have one though.... Messi/Ronaldo Brady MJ/Lebron s1mple faker Karma
I would've choked and whiffed on both of em lmao
Playing against better players is the best warmup. Im plat 3 and get ascendants and immos in my deathmatches everytime, I win some of those dms and lose some, I average 25-30 kills atleast. It doesn't mean that im better than them but it means my movement and aim is active right now. If you're getting one tapped it means you need to peek in a better way and improve your movement.
Diamond is in the top 10 percentile. I'd say that's high elo
If you’re in iron that probably isn’t true
irl korean women don't fly bruh
For everyones clarification: if a "passive" can only be used when an ability it's used, then it's not a passive. Like phoenix heal, raze taking no fall damage if she satchels, etc etc
honestly if you feel like you have good game sense then go for it. since you have cs and coaching experiencing, id say give it a shot
Not sure how I feel. The finisher and animations are fucking awesome but the sound effects are bad which is a huge turn off for me.
You should report the bug
yeah I wish they'd to like a rerun when season 2 comes around but I highly doubt it
I actually miss pearl 😔
Well, technically Phoenix's case was an accident because he couldn't control his powers yet. From why we see in most similar scenarios, emotions often affect people who manipulate nature, so my headcanon is that Phoenix got mad by something and as a result he accidentally lit the school on fire.
They really don't want to let Ascent go 😭
I’m just trying to figure out how you own that and are still that bad at spinning it.
Well only Controllers can drop smokes(except for Jett but hers are different)

Which means you can play Duelists, Initiators, and Sentinels just fine I guess?

Skye is a pretty beginner-friendly agent, just try not to flash-bang your own team
depends on range usually ads mid to long range 
but u can gun people down fast asf close range with even 1 headshot
Heavily agree on last point. Rework bullshit agents of you have to instead of pulling down agents that perform.
*No peeking
True. In low elo, it's very common that when someone starts the Odin battle, it's countered with even more Odins.
jeez thats a lot of kills
To shake off the people who got to higher ranks and stopped playing.

To make people prove they are where they belong.

Cynically:

To make people grind the game more and keep player count up
I just checked, Fade’s splash art actually has her with a spectre, not a ghost. This is really cool though! I thought Reyna had a vandal too, but maybe that’s because she uses one in the ep 6 cinematic
It's basically gekko 2.0, r/fuckyouinparticular that's entirely useless in/vs proper executes but is extremely infuriating in 1v1/2v2

welp back to killjoy jail sentinel players go
You simply can not have an educated opinion so soon with so small a sample size. You can have a shit take that might even end up being correct, but it's still effectively a shot in the dark this early.

The gun feels a little strong for its cost as a knee jerk reaction, but how much of that can be explained by people not recognizing that they need to treat angles with the same respect they would if they knew the opponent has an Operator? How much can be explained by people not knowing just how painfully long and punishable the reload is after they've shot their 2 bullets? I'm gonna go out on a limb here and suggest "a lot".
i do that pretty regularly. obviously that means i cant blame anyone if i miss out on info
You’re not a Yoru main if you don’t hit your clone accidentally and flash your entire team every match
The clip is crazy but the enemies found like the only way to throw that round so idfk
It's just gonna be two people slow walking around occasionally spotting each other
It’s easy with bronze, you can point out that only people who objectively suck would ever be put in a game with you.  It’s like first graders complaining about how bad the kinders are.
Most of my main friend group stopped playing consistently and solo queue is a bitch.
Remove slow from teammates.  Apply slow to bullets, so if bullets go through wall they do wall pen damage values.
There already is, but it’s a keyword system: if you type specific stuff you get an insta ban
Why does MY silver not look like this?
Its just a marshall that can kill light armor. You are really over reacting over something not even seen yet.
Why would he fear losing them if they are already dead?

KayO has the Brim issue cause Brim is still there in the actual timeline. He doesn't want to lose him again.

In fact, we can dedude that either Cyphers family is dead oooor he is not afraid of them dying, but rather of his secrets being uncovered (which likely puts the family in jeopardy, should they live)
Well it would hurt my ass for sure dk about you tho…
People are going to write all sorts of snarky comments but here's the real breakdown.

You need to be playing Val 8-10 hours a day, minimum. You need to be at minimum Immo 3, but hitting Radiant is honestly better for name recognition. Once you're in those ranks you need to network and develop relationships with the other players up there. That's how you'll get noticed and grow yourself as a player and a brand and develop your "ins" into orgs and teamspots. You also need some luck as well, let's not forget that.

The honest truth though is even if you make pro, best case you can hope for is five years of a decent salary on a pro team(unless you're a standout 1% of the top 1%) who can play and excel at that pro level for 10+ years and win events banking lots of prize money. Once your time is up as a pro you have......nothing. You'll need to either go get an education to get a "real" job or make a living streaming, which is also being in the 1%.

If this is your dream, go for it. It won't be easy and eventually when you're done playing you'll have to get back to the real world.
It won’t detract it completely but it definitely feeds into it. I believe there is a reason Val and CS don’t show the stars until postgame, even streamers are guilty of star pointing at the start of games.

IMO 3rd party overlays of any should be banned.
Should be fine. The HWID ban is specific to your friend’s PC. I could be wrong so do correct me, but the ban logs the exact PC specs and dishes out the ban accordingly. 

So with your own PC that should be fine, but you could contact Riot about this, although it’s against TOS to share an account.
Sounds reasonable
If you see this on pistol round just go to the other site lmao
My classic 3 tap usually does, one past left ear , one past right ear and one right above the head, And after that i usually die
Instant mute if someone is negative without a good reason. I always talk and I don't mind what voice you have. As long as you're not screaming or being negative/ a bitch.
Neon, She's fast And if u know how to play with her u might be able to dodge bullets.
I have no clue whether you are talking about Yoru or Omen
Always buy if you won pistol round. My golden advice on round 2 (when buying) is to NEVER push anything alone. The only way your team can lose is if someone starts lurking with a bought weapon and gets fragged by a corner camper with a classic. Now the enemy team has a Bulldog/Spectre and a legitimate chance to win the round. I see this happen every single game
Which i think in valorant is okay as the base movement speed is pretty slow or thats how it feels to me in comparison to cs.
Unrelated but your cross hair placement isnt right.
You have to remind yourself that its just a game. Treat it like a game. It always works for me.
I want fracture and haven back
Man's waited his entire life for someone to ask this question. Good shit
Razes VA is also not Brazilian and it shows. Carolina Ravassa (also voices Sombra) is Colombian
this is so funny man the ace was lit
try them in range
Never seen a team with such a broken mental. 10-3, and they get ace'd with a bulldog. I simply couldn't handle it
Gamesense, utility, and time.

There are a ton of aim demons in immortal and even some in ascendant, but everybody shoots well in higher elo. If you compare, say, past Pro City games with pro ranked games, you’ll notice that people are a lot more coordinated and utility has a lot more purpose.

Then there’s the fact that in order to hit radiant, you need to have time to play ranked. Some people just don’t have that, whether they’re scrimming or whatever.
I don’t think well fought would work with his character. Like in my mind he’s super egotistical and wouldn’t be praising the enemy. Unless it was like it was in a sarcastic tone
Raze ult also hit twice the area. It was stupid.
This is a case of "We Take Those"
Cant be suppressed in a different dimension, ha take that toaster
Just started too. Don’t find it stressful at all.
[removed]
maybe i should have jumped off for fall damage
FNATIC Finally got the Crowd Celebration that was robbed from them by the Lock-In Library.. Tokyo is the Best Crowd by Far..
KJ is picked significantly more on all of these maps but sunset.
Because she's Scottish.
Not that this wasnt cool asf to watch lmao
Bucky is not bad. The right click of Bucky is bad.  This can’t be above silver for sure
Yeah that's the only explanation that works. But the timing to achieve it is funnily tight.
Actually, the Valorant GOAT hasn't been born yet
would you mind elaborating how you died 5 times even though your team lost 13 rounds? initiator is realistically the most impactful role you could be playing
It's a really really bad joke, but it made me laugh, so there goes the upvote.
Their ultimate is to transform a friendly agent to their strongest pre-nerfed state.
hide so it doesnt affect team mental
Oh. My. GOD. YESSSSS

On that note. Can Replication also come back T-T
“Worse than league”.

Bruh selective memory is quite a thing. 

League is far more toxic. I think someone else said it well, the fact that it’s voice com amplifies it for you but you get flamed on league much easier and much more frequent. Flaming your jungler 20 times before 10 minute mark is the pastime of league players.
Ngl OP had me until you mentioned this.
This but /uj 
Raze and Gekko with their buddies: 👁️👄👁️
no xd
And then there is Raze with a rocket launcher who is like: "i guess i choose peace today" and just puts it back where it came from, when hit by his supress.
With halls open it makes 5 entrances as you say, most maps only have realistically 3, maybe 4. 

With that in mind I think the solution to halls is to make the defender side barrier deeper at the start of the round. Currently you can't place trips, turrets, deadlock sound thingies, sage walls or any other until in a particularly effective way - since the openable door is after the defender side barrier. This results in you needing to place any until to watch the area after the round starts, giving you no time to rotate to A or B and hold it. And given the small size of the main areas, they're likely already pushing if not on site in lower ranks before you get there.

Mind you this is just the opinion of a low rank sentinel main
Time related agent?? 
Just chiming in as a fellow woman who i guess sounds like a 12 yo boy as well. If i had half a euro every time I've been asked "are you a girl or a boy" I could've bought at least one bundle haha
This isn't talked about enough. The spin up time was annoying, but the 1.0 Ares was at least usable compared to now. Now it's just bad.
You're not funny.
My shit throwing was never meant to be public….
Isn't the issue just that though? It just incentivizes players to act on raw aim and not learn the actual game.
When in 'focus mode' there is quite a lot of aim assist.
If you watch reviews of some top streamers they all noticed it.
according to royalG's video on iso ults it's hardly an advantage. basically it's easy for the ulted player to create an advantageous angle on the iso. Bit more complicated then that tho I'd highly recommend just watching the video
those are actually some good voicelines damn
Using util to slow/stop a push at a choke isn’t a waste, it’s what it is for
you played Halo, Cod, GunZ, Combat Arms, PlanetSide 2, Overwatch, and S4 League.

not counter strike
Valorant isn't a particularly edgy shooter though, it's a super hero shooter, basically.
I like keeping Ascent permanently. It's the ultimate default map. How am I supposed to enjoy lemon merengue without the sweet simple flavor of vanilla to compare to?
Every character made it to top 500. If you're low elo your aim will carry you. If you're mid elo game sense and prep can get you far, at high elo its a matter of just playing lots of games to climb. 

Neon is a great duelist. She's a bit over shadowed but there is plenty of tech and tricks to make her a great asset to the team. Focus on her, make your play books, do your research, you'll get to where you want to be no matter who you're piloting.
It was so painful at first because the sage and deadlock insisted on ego peeking mid on defence every round and then raging at us for just holding our sites. Muted the sage after round 3 and inner peace was achieved
"I found a ***cool*** knife"
main astra here. I get why she doesnt have a high pickrate. Omen can do anything she does without many coordination with randoms. Also, her kit got so nerfed that because she cannot have more than 4 smokes/round, its hard to make fast rotations. I do think she should have a buff to at least have 5 starts again or have rechargable smokes or at least lower the star replacement cooldown.
That's would make kayo the most op of all initiators by far and render sentinels absolutly useless.
Man do they even listen to these posts? 

Seen these so many times.
I joined his stream once and besides his personality issues, him spamming his knife pullouts and inspects + his loud keyboard NONSTOP made me get adhd through the screen. Lots of players do this a regular amount, no problem with that, it literally never stopped while he was alive.
1. Every agent is unfun to play against, if they’re fun to play against they are probably bad
2. Learn to adapt
Did they just show her placing a smoke while bein dead?
shesh that would cost them some serious money in animations
Also our boy s0m. Sometimes it might look like he's goofin around but he plays to win.
Got lucky that the skye was a stormtrooper but other than that insane clip
I'm pretty sure it's already implemented in custom games. They only need to activate it in matched games.
The lineups are easier in cs imo. In Val theres unique lineups for each agent and everything travels differently.
I know someone is is negative Iron 1
Can you show proof that a dev confirmed it’s allowed? Because I would think that software that allows you to move your cursor inhumanly straight isn’t allowed
Gold 2-3 pretty consistently but only ever really play a handful of ranked matches every other act/episode and never really tried to climb or anything. Also have a 20 month old.
This is how my mom works. She just needs to bother another person to figure something out.

In a nicer tone, she needs to hear it from someone else to make it click.
It would be way harder for somebody to have the same skill level on every single role. Why spend all that time getting semi-good on every role when you can get spend that time on getting ultra-good at one role. 

it's like the quote, to not fear the man that practices 1000 kicks 1 time, but fear the man the practices 1 kick 1000 times, something like that.
No. That'd be the connection issues Valorant has been having for the past 2 fucking hours.
You already have the rewards from your original play through
maybe grabbed ip with wireshark or something similar and then managed to get acess to the cam. valorant has no connection to your cam.
The entire point of the gun is to eliminate the half-armor meta in high ranked/pro play.and it's very good ay doing so. I do think the damage could be nerfed to like 125-130 for the body shot which still achieves the desired effect.
Nah man, me and a buddy will take someone who comms and no kills over someone who has no comms and no kills.
Clove is about to become everybody’s new main. 
I'm sure most of us know someone with $100 worth of skins. For the same price you can get 25 rank ready iron accounts. So while its absolutely true riot recognizes these accounts and adjusts their mmr quickly, it's $5 to restart the process on a new account. For players that enjoy popping off on lower ranks, it's way too easy to just keep getting new accounts.
They just said their enemies were iron, while being bronze 3 themselves. -28 rr is reasonable, you’re fighting people 3 divisions below you and still lose (even though they MVPd)
Skye - "Harbor you weapon! I love it"

Skye - "Harbor stop pouring water on arms (chuckles). Those cannons shine enough already. Don't be vain".

𝘺𝘰𝘳𝘶 𝘤𝘳𝘪𝘦𝘴 𝘪𝘯 𝘵𝘩𝘦 𝘤𝘰𝘳𝘯𝘦𝘳
The community is young and immature, best thing is try to find a 5 stack of like-minded ppl
Nah, I’m just shit
Bro you poor thing. I bet you just typed “they” without thinking so hard on the semantics and here you have the incel redditors fighting you. 

Your comment is cute, envisioning tippy taps made me smile hahaha
Obviously for in-game convenience and balance. If Clove could revive infinitely and be immortal as her actual abilities she would be busted.
It's less about timing and more about where you throw the second one. Sometimes you look straight down for speed, sometimes you throw it a tad infront of you for height/distance. 

Go into a custom and boot haven with cheats. Go to B door. Try to satchel into window. 

Once you have that down, go over to grass. Jump on that little box that KJs love to put their turret on. Try going from that box, up to B doors. Keep going until you can do it every time. 

Now try this same idea on different maps! Play around with the timing. Try looking all the way down on the second satchel. Try throwing the second satchel more INFRONT of you instead of under you and play with yhe timing of that one.
You're fine at the end of the day your team couldn't stay alive and left you to handle a 1v5 which is hard to win anyway it's unrated
This, I can no longer instalock Brim without fear of doubling smokes on a map that doesn’t need 2 smokes
Check him pc
This is incorrect, you are given all the skins already unlocked for free, what you are given is a shit ton of Valorant Points which you must use to then purchase a shit ton or Radianite so you can actually upgrade your skins. An extremely tedious process that takes like an hour per skin collection bc for some reason tourney client processes radianite purchases and skin upgrades extremely slow.
I can’t upvote this enough. If you’re in a 1v2/3 your clutches are so much easier by being able to control lines of sight. 

To answer OPs question: you just need to recognize that your focus is not on fragging. Yes you should be winning basic duels as best you can, but realistically a good round as a controller is one where you set your team up to succeed. I can’t count the number of rounds where I did “nothing” and never saw an enemy because I was busy watching the minimap, trying to anticipate timing, and placing smokes or utility where it was needed for my team to work their magic. 

It sucks cause to OPs point everyone dawgs on you and says you’re carried, etc. but as soon as you mute those people you can focus again on just winning. Controllers are by default the most “team oriented” agents in the game that require someone who just wants to win, regardless of what their individual performance is like. 
I don't understand how they go from these requirements for shield:

* cast ability AND
* kill enemy AND
* shoot orb

To:

* cast ability

The shield IS pretty broken in certain scenarios, like against a Raze ult or OP and so on, and now he can just... use it?

Ultimately, I guess I just question their balance team's capabilities a bit if they didn't see how bad he was gonna be at design time, and then they erased all the drawbacks to try to make him good.
Every time new voicemails come out, I want to give props to Brimstone and Sage for putting up with all these people who are varying degrees of deranged lol. Not only are they working with them but also acknowledging/supporting their emotional needs
The knife animation was the cherry on top
Smoke, Nade, Flash, GO GO GO GO GO
Agreed releasing $100 skin bundles isn’t really any new “content”
Neon is 19. It’s confirmed. Most agents have approximate ages with 5 year gaps, like Gekko being 20-25, but Neon is confirmed to be exactly 19
it’s my favorite map I’m gonna cry
Omen is only viable on breeze in a double controller set. But occasionally someone picks viper and I get to play omen.. Omens lurking ability on breeze is pretty strong
R/didthemath
this is a comment i made 2 years ago:

on 7/16/20 they said this when asked about replay system: "Yes! this is something that we're interested in exploring soon. Whether it's to study previous matches for tactical advantages or to create spicy memes, we know that players will find a wide range of interesting uses for a system like this.".

Next mention is almost a year later, on 5/06/21 and they say: "Talks are ongoing with multiple internal teams interested in a VALORANT replay system. No, we can’t share any updates as of now, but know that these early discussions are in earnest and we should have an update for you all soon™ :\^)"

....so basically its been talked about for 4 years now. still no solid update or progress made. I feel like they just keep bringing it up yearly to make it seem like they want to work on it.
Wildest encounter was this little kid in ranked who at the start of the match said he had to whisper because his parents were sleeping. He asmred the whole match and then when we lost he screamed so loud the mic started cutting out. The match timed out as his dad started yelling at him.
I recently started 5 stacking a lot. Two of my friends just got back into the game. And yes it’s pretty much every game there’s 1 or two players with next to no time that dominate. There’s also a lot more cheaters in 5 stack as well. I’m not one to call people cheaters very quickly but it’s actually blatant. Not been a great experience but we keep doing it cause we want to play with each other. Premier in my experience is really no different.
How many ranked matches do you play a day? Could be overplaying if you're doing any more then four a day, your mind can't focus optimally for periods of time longer then that and your gameplay degrades, could be unintentionally nerfing your rank if so
Alt fire was worth using back then
Made a copypasta out of it:

>As an instalock player, I acknowledge the fact
that my teammates will have to pick around my instalock therefore I vow that I will not 1. Complain about team comp 2. Complain about bottom fragging teammates 3. Try my very hardest with this team; Dedicate the next 40 minutes of my life to my team and my teammates only. I promise you that I will be trying my hardest and I hope it goes both ways; Also I would be lying to you if |Ipromise to top frag, but I promise you that I'll try lol

Version with better formating, might not work in game:

> As an instalock player, I acknowledge the fact
that my teammates will have to pick around my instalock, therefore I vow that I will not:
> 1. Complain about team comp
> 2. Complain about bottom fragging teammates
> 3. Try my very hardest with this team; Dedicate the next 40 minutes of my life to my team and my teammates only.
> I promise you that I will be trying my hardest and I hope it goes both ways.
> Also I would be lying to you if I promise to top frag, but I promise you that I'll try lol
I just started reading this but holy crap you put a lot of effort into this!
i’m in and out of radiant atm w/ a 43% WR. there should be some YT videos on how to complete some of the tasks. 

some of the tasks may be rlly hard depending on your skill level.
I would buy a sheriff if I can afford it (i.e, I will still be able to full buy in the 4th round). Wouldn't buy any abilities tho.
May I suggest a 7min57 sec video of LOUD qck basically doing nothing but dashing into smokes while dropping 30? :)

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQ9zw25SsmA&ab\_channel=VALORANTProPlayerPOVs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQ9zw25SsmA&ab_channel=VALORANTProPlayerPOVs)
Smokes, flashes, drones, mollys. 

If you are pushing onto a site without using util, you *should* lose. Those defending, already on the site, of course have a massive advantage.
Coming from CS, I am just amazed by the good communication of the Valorant dev team with the community.

Feels like getting with someone normal after an abusive relationship lol
I will add to the first list (good nerf)  


removing movement to teammate, so she can't use it to boost another person
Welcome to Riot´s "Community". Hope you enjoy it. :)
Also, they are very loud!
Well, my 60$ is safe for now
least miserable valorant player
Then nerf the other areas don't go for the part that takes decent skill to use immediatly they're taking the big thing people like about Raze away.
In very low elo, people aren't nowhere good enough to waste 800 credits on a sheriff that could very well make the different between a vandal and no vandal on a later round, plus people usually buy small shields with sheriff so it's 1200 credits you can count how many times in your last games 1200 extra credits would have allowed you to have proper guns for couple of rounds.

It's something about the expected value, on average having a phantom/vandal in low elo drastically changes the round win percentages:

* Dry duel, Vandal vs Sheriff in bronze/iron is probably around 90% vs 10%
* In Immo 3, Vandal vs Sheriff the same duel is around 60% vs 40% or maybe 65% 35%, you get the idea

The expected value of a sheriff to attempt to win an eco round in high elo is massive while in low elo the vandal/phantom is just way too strong, it's better to have as many full buys as possible and taking losses on eco rounds to ensure easier rounds later.
Currently taking therapy after being doxxed by some dude
Lmao
I agree Reyna is great for smurfs but honestly even in imaginary Christmas land where you wave your hand and that is fixed (which would not be easy to do) the smurf picks Jett and does most of the same shit to you then chamber. The problem is the smurfs shouldn't be so prevalent that most games are a stomp the match making should have the majority of your games be close to even. Problem is the prevalence of smurfs no matter how you change the characters their will always be a character for smurfs to exploit.
I love how Riot did such a good job on this that the only complaints there are is menu’s
There's a blub blub?
Whenever I play split against a sage I always tell my team every round to break it. 1-3-1 on split attack is never a bad choice. Easy pinches and easy to catch lazy defenders taking orbs
yeah I usually do, radianite is ridiculously expensive and predatory but you never need to buy it unless you're skipping battle passes or hardcore whaling which are the people who will pay for it anyways
The reload animation probably didn't load in the spectator's perspective.
Put this in bold all caps
People are like this in all ranked games. Back in the day I used to play a lot of cs an people said that globals (top rank) were below average... I repeat, people in the highest rank were BELOW average...
there isn’t really an average playtime to reach a rank, it depends heavily on your experience in FPS games like CS or other shooters.

Aim will get you far in low elo so learn your sensitivity and adjust as needed(don’t be scared to try new sensitivity and DPI)
17 kills in 52 rounds 😵‍💫
I wouldn't say that was rng. You played that perfectly. When you got flashed, you didnt rely on rng, your aim was going where they were going, and you werent spraying and praying. 

of course some rng factrors here and there (Like the first guy not hitting his spray) but i'd say most of it was pure skill.
The problem is that you can send the teleport on A and go to B, then as that round starts you have a instant rotation tool that lasts way too long
I'm having a ton of fun on the map rn, but I'm slightly worried about how many times people will fall off the edge. Therr are A LOT of places to fall, it's almost like the map is our greatest enemy, not the other team.
Eh Odin is maybe a bit too expensive for my cheap ass ahahahha
Anyone else find this a little cute? Brings me back to when I first started playing COD and CS years ago lol
I'd just quit now, clearly no hope for you.
I saw one that said SEN taclaus and the tag was like #hohoho or something lmao
Iso is what
People aren't responding because they don't want other people to instalock their character lol
#2 is wild
probably gold, at max plat, no one "clears" like that, even in a rush.
Halo 3 had a replay system back in 2007!
I would buy skins if they didn’t do the scummy pricing where you have to overspend as the points don’t match up with the amounts you can buy.
Poor guy used real money Lolol
Because he’s dumb
What in the world 😭😭
Well then dont move while shooting
The cocoon has 600 hp according to a Riot dev on Tarik's stream. So it will take like half a vandal mag to break it. It's weaker than Sage's wall so it isn't that crazy for an ult.
That’s not a good cypher. If we’re talking on paper and if applied correctly in game he has a lot of control. Why don’t the cyphers you play against switch site? Or why don’t they spread out their útil making it less obvious where he’s playing? Because they’re not taking advantage of him. I know what you mean. It concerns me when my cypher only knows how to play one site. You need to know how to play the whole map. So on paper he has a lot of control. Because In a match where both sides are equally skilled on both aim wise, information is the name of the game. Which he provides with his útil.
I’ve always been a fracture lover even before it’s changes. It was fun, and attack and defense was always a wild ride. Most of the rest are whatever with ascent and haven leading the pack. Split and breeze are by far the worst in the hame though.
average raze player
now no other ace gonna feel better.
me when I forget glocks and aks weren’t made by csgo
He means you can fake Yoru clone. As in you pretend to be the clone then 1tap. It’s yorus 5th ability
I am literally trying my best to avoid playing this game . I am literally having a stroke playing in  high diamond lobbies . People just say FF when it's literally 3-5 . People have Mic for abusing entire family tree but not for comming  enemy locations and somehow they are diamond when they should be silver . Mental health is at the lowest here . How can people reach this high with absolute garbage mental .
If I can tell my 16yo self playing league

Rank is just an icon that keeps you playing the game

Ranked queue is just normal queue with stricter matchmaking

Higher elo lobbies do not mean higher quality/more enjoyable games, it’s just a different way of playing the game

You have a statistically better chance of getting a thrower on the enemy team than your own team
The distance is very nearly the same. It's mainly just slower speed, which actually makes double satcheling easier to control if you're not that great at air movement
I mean yeah Viper is a terrible sentinel, good thing she is a controller then
“skin or gay” coming from a 7y.o. was an interesting experience in valorant
Also kinda wanted to do this for personal satisfaction
Lol, that's awesome. People might get used to this tech and start peeking you. Sticking to the wall will make it harder for them to aim I think.
You want to rank up but you don’t want to go against better players? Crazy
And the raver ghost to go with it 😍
You were ejected for violating section 7:

Trolling, flaming, threatening or harassing people while using the Riot Services.

Nothing to do with cheating
Congratulations, you are mature.
ignore ascendant buddy pls
Keep it our secret before they also notice 🤫
Omen most versatile overall, but not the best on some maps. Brim is equally good if, not better, if you become a lineup nerd. Don't bother with Astra until you reach Asc/Immortal. Viper is not versatile as a solo controller unless it's Icebox/Breeze. Harbor not versatile as solo controller anywhere.
12k people using 1 cheat id guess it’s already detected and a wave ban is incoming Lmao. The good private cheats are very expensive and very private less than 100 people using them.
I actually think any 5 stack should be allowed but if any member of the team is too low to queue duos with another member of the team then the lower members mmr is considered to be equal to the higher members.

So if you want to stack 4 irons and a radiant that’s fine but the matchmaking will match you as if you were a full radiant 5 stack.
-30rr and two afk warnings, thanks riot!
Bro just wrote a love story 😂

GO FIND THAT CLOVE!!
the staf has jack off animation pretty cool
You lose 3 for dodging per dodge if you’re doing it too much
>gyatt level

We are reaching levels of brainrot previously thought as impossible
Val is one of the few games where my reports actually seem to work so id say pretty high actually.
Damn, balls of steel to go for the Op kill at the end
One time we detained all 3 of the remaining people in the enemy team and then my team proceeded to sit and not go in for the kills.
I am the call of duty. The rainbow six of sieges. The counter strike of global offensive
Fun fact: all nonbinary people are just immortal it comes with the title actually
Especially because first shot accuracy on the vandal is often disappointing. Nothing like having your crosshair on an unaware target's head, firing, and it just missing.
> wondering why there was a gold in their elo

One of your teammates is gold 1, another plat 1 so probably plays with golds every match, and the 2 diamonds must have come from a string of bad losses to be queued with all golds and plats lol

This isn’t that weird of a match tbh, but i agree it does feel bad to be placed in higher elo matches and feel like you’re not able to keep up. Just take it as a compliment that your MMR thinks you can handle those lobbies i guess
So, this actually happened in one of my games. I reported someone and got the same notification,  turns out the game banned someone else with the same exact name just different numbers on the end of their name, which means It was a different person.
I fucking HATE when this happens. They should really change it to the player dies when the timer ends or when it reaches the destination. You can't know when you'll be fucked by geometry
Surprised you didn’t have the title “new player, first FPS, just downloaded Valorant, how did I do?”

Fr though nice clip.
It's not about the whole scandal, the reality is that this whole lying and pretending for years slowly grinded his well being, he was probably already close to burning out before the scandal as he's been lying and trying to keep face for a very long time.

Having to constantly lie about hitting Radiant and consistently have people questioning your actual level take a toll, he did that for many years, it was probably already wearing him down. 

You can lie about being Radiant to silvers/golds/plats but even as an Immo3 it was plain obvious by some of the things he was saying and especially his own games that he couldn't have ever reached Radiant. Before the whole scandal it was already obvious that he wasn't your typical Radiant, he lacked a lot of it but *maybe* he had something, I liked the dude so I brushed it off as his content was just that entertaining and and quite good.

He had very good understanding below Immo and probably good coaching/understanding above Radiant, but his Immo1 to high Immo game and understanding wasn't good, some of you might understand the meaning of this sentence, and if you do, you were probably already aware that he couldn't cross this boundary.

I can only guess that there was a lot of rumors about him being weaker and the likes going around in high level streamers, he was probably aware of such and maybe his initial Raze to Radiant was already an attempt to silence those in a way.

You can guess that people going out of their way to prove that he wasn't Radiant isn't something out of nowhere, people knew something was off with him in high elo crowd, it had to happen.

When the scandal broke out, he tried to build something around the lie and probably worked his ass off trying to save face, he tried to hit Radiant to silence the crowd, at this point the years of lying had already taken a toll, it was more of a last breadth attempt.

He didn't quit because of the scandal, he quit because all of these years of lying just made the entire persona he made impossible to sustain, he can't face all of his streamer buddies that suspected him of being a fraud and were proven right, he doesn't want to create another new lie to save his old lie. 

He got burnout of lying and constantly walking on eggshells over many years.
1 skye flash, that recharges every after 2 seconds and she pull out her gun quicker after.

Or just 2 skye flashes that recharge but when her dog bites you it full kills.
Clove's Compet winrate definitely contributes here, but fwiw Omen's winrate in Compet queue has always been on the lower side since launch. He's one of the agents where we see a big difference in power between coordinated play and pug play, due to a lot of his power profile being in coordinated retakes/executes with his paranoia or ultimate, specific one-way setups, etc.
Just bring back replication bro. 5 safes running around rezing each other was so fun.
I mean you're basically at the top, what's the problem? The only way to really push now seems to be to just join a T3+ team or hope you get a good streak into radiant no?
in the words of another he is leafy if he played valorant
you’re literally planting an explosive spike that sucks radianite from the environment. if that’s not terrorist activity i don’t know what is
[removed]
It's a skin it's not that deep
You are REALLY GOOD . Like ascendant 3-immo 2 level good . But holy shit your enemies are trash , what the hell? Why are they playing like bronze 2? Is this unrated ? Are you smurfing?
Prob not a diamond smurf. He is mad he can't get back to his peak rank. Or he is playing on an alt because he can't win games on his main
I peaked plat 3 last season and currently gold 2 but the amount of diamonds and ascendants in my lobby was mad.
As someone who peaked ascendant 3, it feels low elo because of how people play. Like when people say ascendant or diamond are low elo, they mean in terms of play style which is objectively true. So many people just do not know how to play the game but you eee that all the way up through immortal so it’s not really a good way of looking at it.

Playerbase% provided the truth even though it doesn’t feel like the truth when you q into a comp match lol. It’s whatever.
imagine getting lifegripped while double satchelling onto site with ult
It's swift play, people here trying to find explanations for clove play for example when it's most likely they are just new to the game..
Bro's playing tower defense
Ngl you being a cypher main makes it 10x funnier
You actually don’t need to be plat 1. this is coming from an experienced pro iron 1 player
Lotus grew on me after I figured out the general flow.

You can singlehandedly boost your pistol round win rate by just going C on attack. That's it. I've tested it against all elos from bronze to low ascendant at least.

If they happen to stack C and you lose? Tough, that's the unlucky exception. There's a little more to it but I don't want to write an essay.

Also Woohoojin has a Lotus map guide on YT if you'd like. I don't remember shit from it but there's definitely some helpful tips.

Sunset is objectively dogshit in design and needs an emergency rework, nothing to add there.
In my experience as an Immortal player.

Split requires far too much team work on attack. Defense with a cypher on B is insanely difficult to tackle. 

Mid control is also difficult to tackle.

A site is hard to hit and clear.

Overall, MOST of my games on split end up going high win on defense and then losing the game on attack or vice versa lmao.

I just can't stand this map.
Righto. I always play aggro and I get this a lot. Sova Shotgun Rush, try hard. Pushing with a shorty, try hard. Like, wtf.
Are you telling me, YOU missed out on a skin? 💀💀💀
I thought I was going to be really good bc of how good I was at cod, then found out that regardless of how much you’ve played other games, you’ll still suck at valorant when you start lol
I was going to say Reyna for the exact same reasons lol
I suggest you to start with higher value and slightly decrease it from time to time. Drastic change can be difficult to get used to. Personally, I'm comfortable with 800x0,35=280 eDPI (my rank is Diamond 1), but I started with much higher sensivity.
agreed, the new animation looks really weird imo, the old one was much better
If a detained player gets ISO ulted, they are instantly "undetained". The ISO ult removes most effects from you when it brings you in.
Yoru or chamber ULT. 

"I love this gun". Best voiceline
normally doesn’t happen that often, but it is pain. highest OT i’ve ever gotten (and won) was 20-18, shit was wild. it takes a mental toll but agreed, sometimes it feels like my brain is gonna explode
When iso works he really works.
around $3000, I regret most skins 🤒
Well, this is refreshing. A Youtuber apology that actually involves introspection. And an actual apology. Good on him.

I really hope he can implement these changes, too. I only became aware of him like two weeks ago, and I've found a lot of the advice for climbing to gold really helpful. I have no idea why anyone would submit a replay, though. It's actually uncomfortable to listen to him shit on someone who submitted a replay for his whole audience to see, and then have him shit on them. Absolutely good on him for acknowledging that.
She was healing while you were shooting her, the time between your bullets hitting her was enough to heal her for at least 7 damage.
Take this with a massive grain of salt since I’m silver and only been playing for a couple of acts now. But I’ve been plat+ equivalent in other tac shooters. 

I zone out and get lazy when I queue games right after another. If I’m going to play 3 to 4 games I take even a few minutes in between to go to the bathroom, get a drink, clean something around the house etc. that seems to help me to reset and go into each game a bit more alert. 

I also like changing my crosshair and enemy outlines every few games. I feel like that helps make it stick out more and I focus a little better, if that makes sense.

Woohoojin is also really big on implementing pre round routines. For example- Take a deep breath, check the economy, buy, comm your plan for the round, do an in game action (like trace the outline of an object on the map) and make sure you do it EVERY round. It helps to engage your mind going into each round. It’s surprisingly difficult to do consistently
Did he ever hit radiant?
Isolation..... 
So that's where Iso gets his name 🤯
Zonic's law :)
Sure it means different initiators in pro play, but in the notes they mention that they made this change for ranked too (skye was getting picked too much apparently). 

In my opinion this just means they want more 3 duelist comps in ranked. They nerfed sova into the ground, now they nerfed skye into the ground, kayo cant do solo initiator, gekko is legit but nobody plays him. Doesnt leave a lot of attractive options
Fine. Then she's just a Radiant supremacist with a murder fetish who *might* cause the apocalypse. Still the most evil out of everyone.
For sure. Neon may be overtuned for sure. Iso is another possibility. Guess we’ll have to wait and see how things play out!
Brimstone and Sova imo are very well designed
Are these changes they mentioned in the video? Or are you just listing things youd likw to see? Sorry dont have headphones rn and im at work so couldnt watch the vid atm lol
oh yeah. i wasn’t playing back in beta but i’ve seen so many videos and that looked hella fun. isn’t there some way you can play an older version and do it or smth?
Have you tried communicating that they should rotate?
The chamber is fighting for his life in VC rn
Uhhh idk if that’s a great idea in what appears to be your front yard. lol
I appreciate it but I just wanna say don't disrespect her pls. She hasn't done nothing wrong and I  can't hate her for breaking up w me, she didn't do anything wrong like cheat on me or smth, we just had differences,
Oh no, someone being emotional, how awful!
Thank you I was waiting to find this. I knew I couldn’t be the only one who made that connection. Like genuinely down to his word usage and nasally ass voice
>lmfao he just fully admitted to account sharing and getting boosted on his discord

TBF he has admitted prior to this that he engaged in smurfing and boosting. People change and grow, so this I have no problem with.

That said, if he didn't earn Radiant on any account (on his own), *that* I would have a problem with.
Lmao blame the smurfs. They're the reason that got implemented in the first place. But unrated doesn't matter anyway if you're serious about ranking up. Just focus on improving your aim, knowing what the agents do for now til you get to level 20.

Just a heads up, you will still get unbalanced ass matches on ranked because Riot's matchmaking is just that fucked up lmao
Smoke insta lockers are either the MVPs or do the worst smokes known to mankind.
You didn’t ask a question in the post, just sounds like you really like the xerofang 🙂
“Overtime” is the only reason I kept away from ranked lol. I dislike getting held hostage by a game, worse is if you can’t get along with teammates and now you’re stuck with them for another half hour.
That would be cool if they made it a knife fight lol
isnt astra worshipped as a god or smthn? theres like statues of her on lotus
Breeze just fucking sucks. Too many angles, way too wide overall. Just shit to play on attack and defence.

Sunset is interesting, but insanely repetitive. Cypher is picked 100% of the time, and the rounds go, offence locates cypher site, take the other one, defenders let it happen, and play retake. Mid is interesting though
Same for me. I find that the biggest difference for me is that in DM i am always on 110% focus and expect enemies to pop up from every angle and my aim is quite snappy. 
For contrast, in unrated or Ranked games, i have to pay attention to minimap, utilities, which site is hit, voice comms, pings, time etc. it can be quite distracting, especially for me (low rank, bad timings, getting caught off guard, bad at compartmentalisation)
I remember right clicking knives for a kill to reset knifes, all 5 knives instantly per kill was so much fun.
You can go anywhere for a week or two and come back easy peasy, can also get you out of any bad scenario.
You played quite well for those lobbies so that’s probably why you are there
Almost always drop. That can give the bottom fragger confidence and even if they are having a bad game that gives your team a chance since this guy can do more damage usually with a vandal. If the guy is an asshat then I wouldn't drop, call me petty if you wish. But nearly every time dropping a weapon for -25hp is 100% worth it. Might mean you die a bit easier, but this all depends a lot on rank (aim makes a big difference due to hs killing on phantom and long distance sherif). Also bottom fragger can mean a lot of things. Could be a 1-12 Reyna or a 2-5 Cypher. To be fair a Reyna can snowball the game after one good round since she is an agent that requires confidence to play.
meanwhile us cs players are waiting for an operation for 600+ days lol
Or plant bombs.
Glad to see another Breeze enjoyer. Love that map playing as Viper. Im sitting on a 88% win rate atm. 

Only lost the games in overtime 🫠
Hate breach love the players
This gotta be bronze
Literally unplayable
Yeah, gun mechanics are given already, it'll win you most situations no doubt. 

They mentioned they were in bronze/silver so I told them to take advantage of utilities for info/pressure and timing to avoid what happened.
Hope you didn’t get mad at your friend because riot made that change in a patch it wasn’t your friend
I mean its pretty funny to stand in their spawn with your duo and just keep farming them
its the same thing with cypher for me
I don’t believe, omen ace your team xd
>" I look up my teammate's stats on malware I downloaded and then flame them based on these stats. Why are they not responding positively? "

Really? Lmao

Mute yourself next Sunset game and see what happens
Pick up an activity or passion, like a sport. Even if you aren’t good at it, it’s healthy and you will improve mentally.
the amount of people taking this as real is concerning
Might be an unpopular opinion but any rank you’ve achieved by playing in a 5 stack is not really your true rank. The rank you achieved by playing solo (maybe duo if you’re actually same level as your duo) is your true and honest rank.
Have they never learned not to teabag PRX? That aside, what a wakeup from them in the third map and Forsaken man, what a player
Coming from OW, seasonal/festive events are what I missed the most
Kicking off a year? Brother it's March.
Or just throw util at it…. Shock darts, satchels, nades, aftershock, even mollies or phoenix wall all break it. Not sure why people act like these trips are an unmovable wall.
I especially hate it when we have an afk and we somehow win pistol. After winning pistol, people got that high morale and think we can win 4v5 so they reject the remake.
Just say destabilising. That’s literally what he says.
Mad cause bad. That simple.

No such thing as camping on defense. It's called tactical positioning
Honestly this would be pretty cool to see, and a nice way to solve the problem of “too many agents”. Unlike League, Siege, OW, Apex or other character based games, because Val doesn’t have character skins, they can remove characters without it being unfair to players who purchased skins for them. 

Like if they ever get to the point where they just don’t want Reyna in the game for example, they could straight up just kill her off lol
It doesn't feel good at really low ping vs. higher ping -- sometimes I die before my shots register, and then they basically 'didn't happen' even though I fired the shots on my screen.

I get that's lag compensation, not hitreg, but it FEELS like I should be hitting shots that I'm not.
not an in game one, that just changes player outlines
yes pro play is the reason

if you ask why normal players have to play in a similar format to pro play it's because riot wants there to be as little friction as possible between watching pro matches and playing the game yourself. they hold this philosophy in all of their games and it's never going to change
Don't buy Vandals for others if you can't buy a Vandal for yourself in the same round. If no one can buy except you that's probably an eco round, half buy and try to equilibrate economy. Also there are some guys who selfishly force every round and when they can't afford more they ask for weapons causing a disruption in your economy, ignore those.
* Australian accent * Good on ya!
I want french-less queues
So many people here acting like a CONSOLE EXCLUSIVE feature made to help CONSOLE PLAYERS is actually the worst thing ever and how the VALORANT community (which is mainly PC players) should be shaking in anger over this. Meanwhile, not a single person here has yet to ask about what focus mode is or what it is we're actually looking at. Is it skill? Is it aim assist? Or maybe a mixture of both? Who cares, let's all get upset together.
Which is quite funny because that bored redditor mighrve not kept digging and made a whole showcase about the boosting if woohoojin hadn't insta banned him in his discord for bringing it up 

Bro shouldve DM'd the bored redditor, explained the situation, and then brought it up himself after he took the time to find the right way to do it
deadlock is topping iso if we being honest here
Dude read op's post, the fiancé is new to MnK
Stack overflow, he’s too good
Seems like they decided to get rid of it for now.
send clips lets see what's up
There is no physical way they can remove an agent from the game, even if temporarily.Every agent os now part of the game itself.

Only thing they can do is give him the chamber treatment.



Unless they already did that. If so, point disproven
oh god absolutely unplayable
Elderflame ? Straight to jail my friend
In bronze the least common agents I see are harbour and astra, around equally rare

It’s not like they have bad util or anything, they’re just controllers which are less popular and controller players tend to prefer omen or viper
I only watched him for the first time maybe 6 months ago, and my initial thought was, "this condescending douchebag is who reddit so highly recommends?" His tips and techniques videos are good but the only Hooj livestreams I've ever seen were already in his villain phase, basically shit talking his students and calling it coaching.
i mean you can just alt f4
australian racism is focused very much on slurs, while racism in eurpoe for example is focused on stereotypes. so its easier to use a slur than a stereotype as an insult, hence why they do it so much.
idk if this is a joke or not, but like, just in case it isn't, I'll be that person.

The entire game revolves around the "spike", it's a triangular bomb that the attackers have. 

The attackers want to move the spike to a specific area called a "site", take some time to assemble the spike or "plant the spike", and defend it from the enemy until it explodes.


The defenders want to make sure the spike doesn't explode. Either by killing their opponents before they can plant the spike, or by "defusing" the spike thereby making sure the spike doesn't explode.

Killing opponents is definitely good and you should do it, but the most important thing is to play around the spike.


As a killjoy you have certain abilities called "util". Killjoys util is meant for defending. As such when playing on the defenders side you want to defend a specific site. (I also play killjoy and I reccomend watching CaMbCaMb for setups, lineups and Traps). As an attacker your job is to make sure that enimies don't go all the way around the map and behind your team or "flank". I usually use my alarmbot for that to save my turret once spike is down.
Don't look at the floor when you're moving around, always keep your crosshair at head or chest height and learn to pull down to counteract the recoil
G-g-g-g-give me a corpse
If you search "discord" or "women's discord" on the subreddit you'll find posts of communities that are likely what you are looking for. Galorants is a large one that is frequently linked.
Add to the first one: no stamina consumed when running near fast lane.
Maybe if they want Skye to be played they shouldn't be giving Breach a 9 fucking point ultimate and leaving Gecko in the state he's in.
Why could I hear the entire thread? Xd
I think recency bias has made people downplay how good yay was. Yay’s 2022 is the strongest singular year by a valorant player IMO. There was some crazy statistic that was something like yay had not gone negative in pro play for 14 months playing 48 different series.
Someone picked reyna so he instalocked jett and spent all match shooting near reyna and saying things like "wp reyna, nice reyna" everytime reyna did something wrong

Immortal 1 btw
This game doesn’t sound fun
Watching Prod and Guapo was ur first mistake
Rank isnt used for matchmaking so they wouldnt use it for 5 stack balancing. My expectation is that they try to balance the total MMR of all the players on each team the best it can within the given queue time that it is searching for an opponent team.
prime
This could legit be a player card, great work
That is very characteristic of high MMR. The game estimates your skill to be pretty high (of that of this lobby) and is trying to give you great RR gains to push you to that rank. You'll be playing in tougher lobbies, but your RR gains will let you climb even with a sub 50% winrate and approach your higher rank. Good luck in your games.
https://tracker.gg/valorant/profile/riot/Dreadmoc%230420/overview

You've literally cherry-picked the one and only good game you had today.
He got coaching from Charla7an and basically ripped off all of his knowledge and now sells it as his own, this dude is scum and never really gave credit.

Charla7an ist the type of Player/Coach Woohoojin wanted to be
He said he would be experimenting true stretched. The only way to do it without using winexp is through windowed mode
I had a game yesterday where everyone was just chatting in all chat about the “e girl gun buff” and the game just felt fun again because everyone was having fun
A win is a win
Weakest enemy comp in my rank up match be like:
Proof?
i haven't got a clue why so many people are completely ignoring sage  
bringing people back from the dead would be amazing
In death match i get shot in the back way too often. Im trying to get into duels and warm up. In tdm its far more fair with heads up duels. Loving it so far as well
but it can literally stop raze and Jett and those have already been cast
average leorge leddess moment
Yes, that would be an enormous deal. $300 off on rifles when they can already pocket Guardian their way through half buy rounds for $1200 max and get free Op's every 3-4 rounds if they're farming orbs would shatter the economy.
How's your wrist feeling?
Lol, I forgot the bundle was that expensive. I was like, "Damn, this seems kinda reasonable for Riot's standards" before realizing there were only three skins 😭
Cynical view? To generate community engagement. 

My actual view? Nothing super exciting (visibly) on the horizon, so just trying to keep things fresh.
Being in gold, the teams general reason is that they wanna buy a rifle 3rd round saying “it doesn’t matter if we lose this that means we’re 1-1 with equal economy”

Me myself try to make my team buy 2nd round and play bonus 3rd. But if they don’t, I’ve found more success with just being in sync with the rest of the team. If they’re not buying, even tho I tell them to, I end up not buying either
i always convert my val sens to whatever game i’m playing, i can’t take that risk
You are dashing on site to pull crosshairs, your aim is to check a close corner (mid-dash) and pull enemy crosshairs to where you are so your team can come out of the chokepoint and trade you. If you go in alone and without teammates utility then yes, you will likely just die
Buy odin yourself
Either it is something discarded or it is in fact a new map.

Riot recently released "DRIFT" for TDM, so I'm betting a little more on it being a 5x5 map, especially with the graffiti written "A" on the ground there, but it could be something still coming out of Beta.

Apparently, it takes place in a mountainous place, and that makes total sense. See, one of the cards released in the last BP (Battle Pass) is Sage going down a kind of cave, finding a secret base of the Hourglass Society in the search for the Omen, as it was said she would do in the audio of patch 8.04 on The Range.

Following the lore, that must be exactly where Sage must have gone, and this map must most likely take place in China or some neighboring country. The tree species and the geography of the mountain peaks are very reminiscent of the geography of Chinese mountain peaks in my opinion.

But one detail that was overlooked in this post was the Omega Earth Kingdom symbol in the top right corner of the image, half hidden. Which means that if it's not where our Sage went, it will finally be another map on Omega Earth, which on reflection makes more sense.

Most of the maps take place in Alpha, Riot is trying to balance things more as the Lore progresses and show more of Earth Omega, and keeping in mind that the place seems to be collapsing, it matches the reality of extreme climate and geographic changes that Earth Omega passes through, so that's why the Kingdom corporation is there.

Nice job.
OP isn't responding meaning they have learned their fatal error and don't want to face embarrassment. Its ok OP. You now have a new agent to play!
Maybe a bit of cope but I agree that the quality of team mates and the skill level is way more incoherent than before the reset
Maybe, but this map seems more "threatening" in terms of setting.

The fact that the name of the map is just "Abyss" is kinda wild because it matches the theme of this episode, a more "dark" chapter lol.

I can't help but mention that the theme of this map is a parallel to the last one, Sunset. From the surface's cozy sunset and its dawn, we went to mf limbo where there is only darkness and everything is wet and menacing lmao
Combating cheaters is like combating piracy, it's an unwinnable fight. You can deter and make it harder but in the end cheaters always find a way. It's not any company's fault, there isn't a single competitive game out there without cheating.
Gekko is better. 

Breach is very focused on setting ur tms up with a harder time using util for urself, while gekko got buffed, has a great ult for space generation and kills, and util that comes back every 10secs. Wingman to plant so u can cover ur own plant. And mosh for line up larries or clearing large areas on its own.
I was thinking about this earlier today. I was never a true Skye main, but played her a lot anyway since I could average 2.9 flashes per round. Her ult was always very weak and disabling the flash recharge really weakens her.
There are millions of employees but only 500 Radiants. Quitting your job is the only right answer
Nope. You aren't entitled to it either. 

Yes it sucks. No they probably won't help.
The Lore is really awesome, it actually increased my fun while playing because I understood characters and the world more. 

I really wish they continue with the cinematic to develop characters. As an omen main, last cinematic was a heavenly gift
Immortal player here.  What people tell me when they play against me in customs is "they never get a fair fight".  I won't ever take a 50/50 against worse players, I wait for a teammate with utility to peek with or wait for my enemy to make a mistake I can exploit.
If you lose more in soloQ than party it's because you are getting carried
not anymore but we used to play it a lot, and ones a mercy kiriko player and has dropped hella money on them, so idk wtf it is
I really wish they did lol, or just give it like a 10% chance of forcing a knife fight
Ascendant - Imm for three acts now, never touched AimLabs or a DM in my life.

I just play like 2 or 3 Swiftplays to warm up, then off to the races.
"Annoying fly" 
After viper killed an ennemy who tried to prevent her from defusing. It makes me feel things....
I have a friend who I don’t play with anymore because I saw on his tracker that he had a 5-0 game (enemy forfeit) where he had 5 aces, 25 kills and zero deaths, with 80% headshots. He said it was just a lucky game lol :/
Animator is Reyna instalocker confirmed
Higher. You are preaiming at their midsectio
 You should have your crosshair at head height as much as possible
The rework makes Iso his own unique category in the 1st Entry role. Up until now, the only truly suitable category for that role was "Movement Entries", which means anyone who can safely and quickly cross dangerous firelanes (e.g., Lotus, A Root to Rubble to avoid a Defender holding from A Main) to force Defenders to reposition or be swung from multiple angles. 

With a Shield that can be pre-activated, Iso can simply wide swing the Defender holding said firelane and be advantaged in that duel. He's basically an "Fragging Entry". 

Any other Agent has to just dry peak an angle held like that, or be supported by team utility (e.g., flashes, smokes).
Have you reported that Skye though?

Edit: anyway I sent a ticket. Sorry that name tainted your play.
Can u use them in game?
oh it's a joke, it's not obvious enough sadly
Then you were either shooting his actual body and not the endpoint, or the split second where the ult fully went through
He can lift us up!
It makes a difference because they are in the top .01% of players. For normal people 144hz is perfectly fine to shoot for.
Yeah, but it feels even worse now imo
"yU hAd yuR Fun! mY tOrn!"
I'm pretty sure he asked about fresh account.   
Fresh account highest would be diamond1, there is no way you get Ascendant 1 on fresh account, no matter how much u abused unrated games and tryharded ur ass to boost ur mmr or if u dropped 60kills each game in the placements games.
Makes sense this clip ain’t really clean
forsaken imo dude plays every role and can perform well in all roles
Yes. They're perfect for LANs as they're driverless and they have unique shapes outside of the EC and S that most mice manufacturers don't make.
There are still people in iron 1 yk
I Calculated it intricately and carefully by watching it 72x:  
this is 1.872998 seconds long (resulted 12 times, did a middle point of all 12, did the second pov, got exact results)  
the other one (asian raze player immortal lobby(previous wr)) is 2.2983843 (tested 3 times, got same results)  
congrats brudda
Very cool win. I've lost a lot of rounds because I paid too much attention to lineups. Now I rarely do that anymore.
Funny that you think it's all bronze players down there
Thats why I prefer stinger over anything when I dont full buy. I love it! Sorry it happened to you
That classic served me in more ways than one, I couldn't depart with it in that shining moment.
Game sense will get you extremely far early on. Something tells me there’s going to be a metric fuckton of Fortnite / COD players trying to run and gun for the first few weeks
Oh you meant the agent type controller not the device controller
the colors being visible are on purpse, it's a combination of these that makes screens show color, its just too small for our eyes to see on our devices
Yup, I think there needs to be a slightly bigger window to shoot them if a teammate runs into one before it rearms at least.
Lmao, idk what I did but I got the ace 😂😂
For starters, stop smurfing
kj players get to be goofy like that from time to time
My mans gonna concuss Aftershock every corner and do the joe face
If you preaim at his chin and double shot vandal its almost always an instant kill, unless hes moving.  I think it will just take time for people to adjust.  It is super annoying though
If he showed proof of his radiant alt, he could clear everything up, which would be far more valuable to him, from both a career and credibility perspective. But refuses to do so. 

If he really wanted to show his integrity, he would not have just apologized for his lack of transparency and lying, but not say he has a radiant alt. Given his current performance and allegations, he took 1 step forward and 2 steps back.
Sage - either understand the game so well they're like a Riot dev or play like they installed VALORANT 10 minutes ago

Reyna - either a hard carry or goes double negative

Breach - either have really good strats and entry ideas or somehow manage to stun their whole team every damn round
Brimstone's molly also does ~5x more damage per second
I do use my mic but once I hear my team mates mock my lisp and other unnecessarily rude stuff, I be quiet. Like I just give good comms and all that yet I get mocked.
A good harbor is a godsent bro they can have SO much space locked down and every piece of his util is great
Have a good game. Game thinks you are good. Play against better opponents mmr wise hidden or otherwise to test the games hypothesis. That’s generally how matchmaking a lot of times works to get people into ranks fast.
see you tomorrow bud
For a split second I just imagined you scrolling super fast, frantically yelling out comms and the mic just cuts in and out like you're in a tornado and your house is getting ripped out of the ground
I feel like this trend will never stop too, even in the highest level of play, if you have a character that relies is alot less impactfull without teammates, if they die thats alot worse if the remaiking character IS self sufficient.

I would like to see changes regarding this current trend by making every self sufficient character less sufficient. But that would mean massive changes noone will like. So we are doomed to let powercreep take over and eventually end up with agents that do everything themselves, and at that point, why not play counterstrike?
wait my image didnt upload, but its empty.
Revisionist history. Overwatch was rarely well balanced, always having an absurd meta strat like GOATS or something that the devs couldn't handle. It was fundamentally broken to have heroes like Widow and Reaper in the same game too imo

Valorant did something much smarter by making all agents have the same underlying movement and gunplay, meaning you only need to balance abilities instead of the inherent structure of 30+ different heroes. In Valorant, pro play still exposes these rough edges - Jett supremacy, Astra/Viper lockdown meta, Chamber (this one was obvious from his creation tho what were theythinking) meta, but they did well to respond with new map designs that incentivize more experimentation.

Still, preventing double controller metas has been hard for Riot, and probably always will be to an extent. Vision denial is very powerful with the gunplay in this game.
One of if not the best fade cosplays I have seen.
And with 100hp until the 1v1 vs Kayo.
Bucky 💯💪
I don't know if I'd add another gun, but I'd definitely add the ability to throw the gun out if you run out of bullets, dealing concussion to the enemies if the gun hits them. 

P.S. I love your idea tbh
How? My classic doesn’t do that
Iso ult has so many counters, I think Phoenix can also reactively ult and you end in a situation where Iso can only kill Phoenix clone but Phoenix clone can kill Iso.
WE HITTIN DESCENDANT 3 WITH THIS ONE 🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥
There is the fpx buy where 2-3 people buy vandals and lights and the others buy ghosts and then play around the rifles, the idea being that you keep the rifles into the next round and can have a stronger bonus however thats not what people are doing in ranked the vast majority of the time and its because they dont understand the importance of the anti eco round and just want to play rifles round 3.
Hardware ban for bypassing streamer mode seems a bit excessive
Everyone is being ranked pretty high from what I've seen. Just keep playing and your rank will be adjusted accordingly to your skill level. Don't be afraid to play ranked just because you think you don't deserve the rank you got. If you don't it will change.
Iso is the kick in the pants we all needed to start actually using the phantom again
I can’t believe my post is getting downvoted lol. Damn atlesst ik where the community stands on this topic
I love how people are down voting OP because they're salty that he's actually Diamond 2 and not silver/bronze according their shitty analysis of the clip
nah there's all different types of bigotry there too
But thats a gameplan and even in that case i assume youll still have full shields, util and probably a ghost or deag. What I'm talking about is when 3 or 4 teammates buy nothing other than maybe lights, no/not enough util and are on the main push like if its the entry or the initiator just so they can then ego a vandal rnd 3 even if we lose the anti eco.
He wrote for Dexerto for the first 3 years of Valorant, and was well known as a leaker, especially within NA Valorant, if you've followed Val Esports at all you most likely would have seen or heard of him through his leaks
It’s a tac shooter. New content is agents, maps, and skins. It’s not like cod where they add a new gun whenever to grind out attachments. You grind rank in this game.
what does correctly mean?  Pros 5 man site is that incorrect?  

You can play sentinel as lurk sure, you can also take site and then hold site like a sentinel afterward.
Lore accurate
OUTTA MY WAY SON!
Raw aim is good enough, but movement and peeking technique are very poor. Watch some youtube guides on how to peek angles.
In summary: you want to peek with a or d key, never diagonal like w+d. You want to 'slice the pie' peek common angles (you know they are common based on experience, map knowledge) with preaiming your crosshair to location of potential enemy, not just run out exposing yourself to every possible angle. There is more to peeking and movement, but thats pretty much basics of it.
Foot pedal. No need to worry about reaching or accidentally activating. My left foot isn’t getting in the way of any other keys I need to press.
Been like 3 or 4 run n gun nerfs
Reaver has that echoey kill sound 😵
More details to come on this one soon, just didn't make it in time to talk about it in this video. TL;DR though yeah we hear ya and agree
extremely bad choise of edpi
That is already baked into the characters. If you were to spectate her being dead during a replay you would just see what she saw during the game no?
sent a message about it in the woohoojin discord and it got immediately locked after lmao
At full walk and full spray aiming at the pelvis / dong area will net headshots 

I’ve been ruining people’s days with this for seasons 

I’m also trash
I mean, if you really value your account more than 100k...

I don't know what to tell ya.
acting like that res was gonna do something
started playing with my ex and having only played call of duty i was asking questions like “how do i sprint? oh i
 already running, then how do i slide? why is it not shooting where i want it to go?” and eventually landed on “i just want a grenade man”

boom. raze.
TBF i dont think bronze players are going to be able to fully utilize a lot of her strengths
Was referring to the guy on youtube/tiktok who’s run and gunning to immo
Just get rid of it in non-comp modes. I want variety!
Please don’t spread misinformation
Rito needs to make a vote kick system like cs
“g-g-g-g-g-g give me a corpse”
-Cypher

IYKYK
I personally don't have that issue. Looking at the tracker afterwards, yes, immortals, ascendant etc., but I don't really have that issue. I just focus on whatever the hell my focus is and go for it. I dont ever play DM for warmup though, I usually get my aim going in the Range with some practice routines, then try to sharpen a certain skill set in DM like gunfight hygiene or crosshair placement and then I just go for it. No pressure.
It’s so annoying when there’s a female and everyone who wasn’t talking suddenly turns into a wannabe comedian. I just try to treat them as another dude cause that’s gotta suck to be constantly treated like that
Ahh the Blackbeard of Valorant
Saadhak is from the sanskrit word साधक(saadhaka).. so maybe.
No the Molly change was fine, the bad thing is being unable to pick up your orb
Instadash 2 updraft Jett with 3 smokes that lasted an eternity each
With Guardian, you're more focused on getting headshots. You cannot spray or burst. You can only tap fire. And it also means that if opponent is having anything which can spray or burst, you will die if you don't hit the headshot. Meanwhile, with Vandal, you will burst or spray when you miss headshot, so you're more likely to get kills with Vandal even if you miss the headshot.

So, you obviously have more headshot percentage with Guardian than Vandal.

Also, as somebody else commented, Guardian also have accurate first shot accuracy, especially compared to Vandal. However, I don't think this is the reason for your better HS%.
 Absolutely, Clove's finisher is called the Cloverleaf Crunch where they surprise their opponents with a flurry of devastating kicks followed by a spine-cracking submission hold!
I think it's in their tos or something that they have the rights to use any fanart, vids, concepts, basically anything valorant-related thing that's uploaded?
Really expensive gaming chair
To me it's pretty likely that the nerf would be what you said would be good. I think it's ok for them to remove satchel movement for your teammates and remove any damage output from them whatsoever. Making the audio que more distinct is also a good thing. 

I personally believe that that's probably what makes sense. Anything in the range of "nerfing the movement" in any way would be detrimental to Raze as an agent.
is this a lore reason? am i stupid?
Praise the All-father and the god of war. There is no shame in either.
If a troll plays well and gives callouts but constantly flames me, I usually just start agreeing with everything they say. It throws them for a loop every time, lol, to the point where they stop the toxicity after a few messages.
I doubt hes worried about saving a $25 mousepad every 1000 hours
When people talk about wireless stuff in gaming it's usually not Bluetooth
That is an amazing pit, they're just coping
Blows my mind, it’s unreal. I’ve been playing halo since I was a kid. In halo 3 we had theater, where you could rewatch entire games from any pov or free cam. It’s how I got coached and then once I got gud it’s how I coached. 

Now I’m limited to only my pov in a game that’s significantly harder to improve at than halo.
Your both right, Jett was hired when she was like 18, then Neon was hired 2-3 years later at 19, so Jett was the youngest agent ever, Neon youngest agent currently (and shortest)
Exactly what I was thinking. Word for word 😂😂😂

Yeah again fella u weren't baiting but it's clear that if u were u wouldn't wanna hear it 😭
+5 Social credit 👍🇨🇳👍
> Any advice on whether I should stick with the comfort of high sens or bite the bullet and go low again?

> Limited space on my small mouse pad

Get a bigger mousepad.  You can get huge ones for $20 at target/walmart
finally i can play fracture again
It’s not only pearl. Viper and Harbor are slowly being picked on other maps like Bind, Haven, and Split as well. Those two are just really overpowered and boring to watch together. 

I also don’t think the viper nerfs were to solely nerf the viper and harbor comp. Viper is much better as a solo controller rn, so they nerfed viper to make Harbor more viable. Buffing Harbor instead of nerfing Viper would make the double controller problem even worse in pro play. 

And saying Viper is unplayable as a solo controller after the nerfs is a bit of an overreaction, but I guess we’ll just wait and see.
i can’t side with this for the fact that some games i top frag hard and just obliterate and go like 30-6 and some games i am like 6-20. it’s just a lot that weighs into a game. it can be your mindset, aim, lobby, connection difference, team, etc.
Gekko because he has pokemon
Nah. 

 I just write dum fanfic for myself read lore and beat my 🍖
Nope, they used to but they changed unrated to match the comp/pro map pools.
Drop your gun, ping a gun across the map, tp directly on the ping and cancel. EZ marshal - > operator upgrade if you're a good shot ;D
If you can mute them or kill em with positivity, I promise ya that chill people exist
While the camera focuses on the dramatic raging reactions of the coach?
Lol 😂
60 hz 60 fps vs 60hz and 300 fps is huge diff, so dont talk about things you have no idea about
Actually that is very fair point
naw im pretty sure this might just be a server issue, the amount of effort you would have to go through to pull this off is insane
uwu 🥺👉👈
It is a shitpost
nothing more self fulfilling than tormenting the opps as breach
valorant is escapist entertainment made to numb us from the pain of existence, play whoever makes you happy
Yup, there is a riot approved program called Deceive that makes you appear offline, even while you are online.
Im convinced this is just an excuse to show us all neons ass on reddit.
Yeah unfortunately this is the reality for a lot of people. That’s why it’s stupid to get mad at your tm8s if there not using comms, there are so many other ways to communicate with your team.
When I see someone new to game I am always nice to them. But if they trash talk to someone without good reason I can be rude.
You can also shoot raze satchels right?
if you lisen to the party voice (the language is greek) raze tells me: "be carefull to not die from fall damage)" and for some reason I'm jumping from rafters (his reaction is 10/10). It would be so funny if the game went ot.
The more I look at this, the more ridiculous the speed and distance she covers in a couple seconds.
You will never go back to 60 again once you try it
What’s the t stand for
There is a yoru to that works
Also harbours wall makes you and your team and the other team walk slower when you pass through it while vipers wall damaged the other team but does nothing to you and your team
"her" pronouns lmao
His ego is even more confusing when you consider the fact that he's hardstuck Ascendant (or immortal?) rn

But he'll still title his videos "how a radiant player makes a comeback" lol
Because he got there with "Woohoojin's coaching".

Pft this guy is shady as fuck and he's concocting more excuses right this moment.
they're fun and expressive, its over the top on purpose bc otherwise itd just feel like Generic Disillusioned Solider Man Number 12
1. Whoever you like the play the most
2. Whoever you like the play the most
3. Whoever you like the play the most
4. Current meta agents for the role you like to play the most
Acknowledge that talent exists but live like it doesn't. I.e. if you wanna reach Radiant, lie to yourself about having talent or that talent doesn't exist. 

Because even if you don't make it, at least you tricked yourself into putting 110% into it and thus can have no regrets
Laziness
The guy on the left is Kimi Raikkonen, 2007 F1 world champion. A few years ago he recently said on a popular docuseries that F1 is "more of a hobby" for him and he's generally a running meme regarding his attitude to the sport despite being a pretty great career/being a great driver.
It wasn’t always the case. This level of baiting seem to be the trend since episode 5. I don’t know who told everyone that they have to bait in single Q but there is a content maker who’s popularity spun off right around that time and advises people on YouTube on single Q. I know for a fact that he doesn’t advise baiting(that’s why I won’t name him here just to be clear that I don’t claim him) but advises something very similar that easily becomes baiting if executed badly. 😏
He was cussing you out. "Sei sohai" is chinese for calling you a f**king idiot.
I have no problem with instalockers asking for smokes. Its just a suggestion, after all. 

What I have a problem with is anyone *demanding* a particular role, *especially* if they are an instalocker.
Crucify me, but Xenofang just feels like watered down Araxys
My full legal name and address
Your friend is just really good at the game 🔥🔥🔥
A step by step guide in how to deal with these situations :

1. Destroy them with Ares/Odin like you're already doing.
2. Once they start flaming you open your chat.
3. Type /all in the chat
4. Once you're in all chat type the following: "Skill Issue".
5. Mute everyone and proceed with your game normally.
If you set yourself to auto respawn in custom and stand in the spike it'll kill you over and over and over  to the point where the game might lag out for a short period
Shots 1-5: Clearly missed.

Shots 6-9: Missed due to recoil (bad spray control).

Shots 10-11: Very close, but recoil and inaccuracy make these reasonable misses.

Shot 12: Likely didn't actually fire because he was already dead.
def recommend a sentinel or controller that can really hold shit down. its a defense heavy map and on the attack you need good smokes and set ups to get a good push. both sites are too awkward to take without lots of utility
Dude

If you want a balanced game, you play ranked

Unrated is just for fun, has a entirely separate meme system. I’m immortal rn but my unrated me must be shit, because I almost never play it, and when I do, I play weird agents that I’m not used to.
its way harder to go from immortal to radiant than iron to ascendant
I had someone accuse me of throwing and I just responded that it was an off game and he cussed at me. Gave callout that he didn't listen to and others started laughing at him for it. Felt pretty good. Was a really shit game for me tho lol
\> I play a lot of machine guns or op because I can’t aim

\> Why does everyone hate Odin

The jokes just write themselves sometimes
Probably his memories, and also his former life.
Its because ranking up in this game takes a lot of wins

Even if the game has your MMR high and you're taking home \~25RR per win, and losing maybe 10 per loss, it'll take you about 7 games per rank up, give or take. Each game is like, an hour long. 

That means for ONE rankup it takes, on average, 7 hours of gameplay. Rank up three times to get to the next division. Worse if you go on a losing streak.

What this ends up meaning is that ranks are very competitive. Pretty much anything above Iron and players are, bare minimum, decent aimers. It also is in part because aiming in Valorant is pretty easy, so reaching baseline aim doesn't take as long as other shooters
I feel like beginners get told to play Sage, and it is horrible advice.

* Barrier is hard to physically use (like the buttons required to place it how you want are a technique you need to learn), and hard to know where to put it, and a bad wall will actually grief your own team.
* Slow has some grief potential, and is also hard to use. Let's ignore the way it bounces, but it is easy to wonder what the point of slowing is, when enemies can just walk onto site a little later? There are reasons to slow, but it requires gamesense to understand how to get value from this.
* Healing is a very attention-demanding power. A beginner doesn't know the shape of the map, so they are lost already. They don't have time to check UI elements to see allies' health.
remakes should be automatic
Blud cheffed dem man up fam
Most in form player at Madrid? there are a few in contention: Zekken, Karon, Forsaken all come to my mind immediately. 

Leading the goat race, its a lot harder: theres chronicle whose the most accomplished with 3 titles, and if fnatic shape back up can easily have another banger year. Players like Less, Aspas, and saadhak have also all played consistently great pretty much since 2022
I would argue the same. Either voting as currently or completely automatic.
Only happens in low elo. Haven't seen any in plat/diamond/asc. Opponents gets pissed but they're the enemy.
No tech needed, Cypher is just built different, best wrist flicks in the world. So good the hat chills in mid air in awe of its master's abilities. It's that simple
My rule of thumb is: if they used the word "please" at least once while talking to me, then i will drop. if not, forget it, i aint supplying pretentious dumbasses
Yes report is a must-do in those situations.
That IS why they play, they get enjoyment out of ruining other people's days. Sick fucks
nobody was screaming at you?
And the streamers that play in low ranked accounts to get in a 5 stack with their friends. Accounts sharing is borderline smurfing. Riot honors these streamers with riot gun buddies and watchparties every tournament.
Bro is out for blood.
I go to the gym/exercise and when I come back I realize that it's not really worth it to get mad at a game
You really shouldn't have to apologize for being Bottom frag IMO - especially depending on how the game is going and what role you're playing. 

I play a sentinel. It's literally my job to start off set up and sit and wait for a minute. 

OFTEN this ends up with me running after the situation, and by the time I get there, half my team, and many of the others are dead. 

I actually wish more people would understand this about certain sentinels and not act like they're "the problem" if they're the last person standing. 

Nah, bruh...I just spent like the entire time y'all were DYING running from A to C... (and no one called the rotation 9\_9)
People find her difficult (for some reason, personally i love having the global point and click util) and the people who know how to play her just play omen or clove instead because they provide more value rn. She is really good on pearl though because the map is so big but still has normal sized chokes.
Explanation in comment.
Smurfing has truly taken some love out of the game from me. It's so fucking unbearable.

I understand how some can be "ex" higher ranks but it's so frustrating to see straight up smurfs getting 30-40k and nothing happens to them because smurfing isn't bannable. 

And it's very blatant after checking their tracker/match history.
Yeah, it suppresses the target. So anything that would get cut off by Kay-O ult will get cut off by Iso ult. It should also stop Jett knives, Sova ult, and Viper Pit.
Lower ranked people are also probably newer at the game and have fewer options for agents. Sage is one of the few avaliable from the start
.
Also at lower ranks people are less confident with their aim and offensive skills and probably prefer a more supportive role where they can feel helpful in other ways.  

Finally, at low ranks people dont know as much about ideal agents for maps and lineups and stuff like that. They just pick the characters they have the most fun playing 

(Speaking as a low rank who plays skye for similar reasons)
It’s more that the accuracy and time to kill would be so low the gameplay would break down. Siege has really slow movement and is mostly about crosshair placement so it works. Shooting a Reyna flash then flicking onto a Jet that dashed passed you just wouldn’t be possible to do accurately.
fair enough, just a copy paste issue then I imagine. I personally prefer swiftplay for the new map game modes.
Self awareness: 100

A lot of the other commenters dont realise how much harder it is for a silver to hit a target thats always moving, as most silvers, themselves included, lack movement fundamentals.

Enjoy silver while it lasts. These hilarious moments with friends happen far less frequently the higher up you go.
Call an ambulance, but not for me
* Too Big
* Too many angles everywhere
* B site is kinda decent but A completely sucks
* Rotations are needlessly hard and take much too long (see point 1)
* just not fun
I think your problem with reyna is more than just a reyna problem but a game design problem. A lot of scenarios where util should be used, but players just wide swing and die, they think their lesson is just if they aim better they could win. Which is why even in low immortal, you have smokes players with suboptimal smokes, flashes being thrown into spots that don't blind the enemy, sentinel util that can be evaded. the game heavily rewards cracked aim which is why you have immortal players looking like chickens running with their heads cut off.
Glad you like it! Might finally swap out my white Reaver karambit.
Cos most people dont want to have to use their brains even the slightest amount in both utility and team coordination and would rather just try and win off mechanics alone
nerd
Wait, you mean neon doesn't have infinite running fuel when you enable "Infinite abilities", weird stuff ngl. It shouldn't be the case and I thought that you don't run out of it.
Objectively correct
Holy crap, I think you're better with your eyes closed, man.
Does the entire line have sound ?!
Or just open a simple domain to counter his sure hit effect
I played with kids who are more chill than some of the adults I had the misfortune of dealing with, it's not an age thing.
So Deadlock’s not agent number 08? That’s surprising.
#NO PEQING
Breeze and Icebox made me miss Fracture and Pearl and I really don't like those maps.
Shots 1-5: Clearly missed.

Shots 6-9: Missed due to recoil (bad spray control).

Shots 10-11: Very close, but recoil and inaccuracy make these reasonable misses.

Shot 12: Likely didn't actually fire because he was already dead.
I play Jett as I’m seemingly the only person on average in my games who actually will try enter site and not be completely shit scared of a smoke every round

The most tilting part is people think because you play her you should be top fragging the attacking half every game.. Ah yes, allow me to enter site blind since you won’t use util, going through THEIR util, solo taking site whilst dropping 20 kills in the half. People are idiots
that might have something to do with the fact that controllers arent sentinels
Clove N gekko are your true mains.
How would they choose site? I think double ropes would be crazy
As someone who's colourblind, I change my enemy outline in the settings when I'm playing reyna exactly because of it, it screws up me being able to see enemies when I have it on default (red)
Dink is a cs term moved over. Dinked used to refer to someone shot in the head but who lived due to wearing head armour, it made a “dink” noise and meant you knew youd done some damage
Yeah sentinel is pretty frustrating. People don't realize that the sentinel allows the rest of the team to STACK elsewhere. So if cypher is locking down B ascent, put the extra teammate mid. It's low chance the enemy will purposely push the cypher anyways. It's even more frustrating when you are sentinel but the people playing your site don't even break drone or dart.
Some mfs really feel like they're god when they defend smurfs and be like " It's a challenge to me". Like you're losing unfair stop being dense.
Sova: HA.  HA.   HA.   HA.   HA.   HA.   HA.  HA.   HA.
Astra said, and I quote “immortality is not rare among radiants, it is unprecedented!” That does not imply Clove isn’t a Radiant, it just means they are the first and only current immortal.
The Norwegian is hilariously cringy and awful, absolutely nobody talks like that and several times it was straight up grammatically wrong. What's weird tho is that the voice actors are clearly Norwegian so how did no one fix it...

All that aside tho, I have a new main now. Love her kit and design.
Yes I wouldn't force him to do anything he wouldn't want to do for sure.
I had this on Breeze with A window.... weird
A new optimum video just released. At this timestamp he tries to answer this exact question.

TL;DR probably not as counter strafing isn't that important nor powerful in Valorant, compared to CS.

https://youtu.be/Feny5bs2JCg?si=GKsNtIIlcn_yY9TW&t=6m32s
that’s what i’m thinking like isn’t there already an audio cue what is op talking about?
hahahahahahaha
Fuck. Breeze. In. The. Ass.
This shit again… “I saw no cheaters, therefore there are no cheaters”

It might just mean that you don’t know how to recognise cheaters. This rage cheats you see on TikTok is not how 99.99% of cheaters cheat
Okay that would be crazy af lmao.

I know it's sounds awesome, but Riot need to think really well before do this shit fr lmao.
what was viper doing lol
Things aren't going to magically get better if you go in and mute right off the bat, just play normally and give good comms, if someone is toxic then you make a choice, if the win is worth it then keep playing and just ignore, if it's not worth it then just mute that person. These are strangers online you'll never meet again don't give a crap about what they say, play to win.
this is so cool! love it
change crosshair, mute enemy, mute toxic teammates, don't ADS close range, ADS long range, don't move while shooting, strafe, crosshair placement, positioning, head level, only peek when you feel you are ready to shoot an enemy, focus on gunfights than using abilities while in a duel (unless it's benefiting).
By far one of the most creative but simple ideas I’ve come across. I hope RIOT considers this.
just very low-brow 13 yr old humour, I have no clue how he gathers his audience but ig thats just how bad the content landscape is for valorant
Incorrect. I am full immortal 3 triangle and I fucking hate Odin players who are effective with it. When you have an Odin player, who is very good at the game, playing sova, it is pure cheese and zero fun to play against. Even if I win the game, it feels terrible. It's not that you can't beat them, it's that it just feels extremely unfun to play against.
Players yes, by shooting it. Objects not really. It does get stuck but afaik that's not intentional. When Jett died the ult should've been an instakill
Neo frontier outlaw would give me the confidence required to climb out of gold and be the best VCT player, trust.
I still prefer a game where I decide if I want to spend..
Straight to comp!
Prime is goated, dunno what y’all are on about. Used to love Elderflame but now it just doesn’t feel the same so Imma vote for that
No one wants to defuse while in the Molly if a sneeze will kill you, so it’s still effective
While it does make your shots more precisly, it also gives you a disadventage making your head hitbox easier to hit.

It also slows you down giving you less options to win fights.

Dont get the hang of crouch aiming, it will hurt you more than it will help you win more games in the long run
as a new omen main losing haven hurts me so much i cant put it into words
He immediately shot down any counterargument to his point with things such as "bad aim" or "in low elo maybe" (even though I'm pretty sure he said he was plat lol.
As someone that has always wanted to play, but couldnt afford a PC, this is HUGE for me!
So u are the reason riot nerfed both viper and shotgun :-:
CS flopped because CSGO was terrible at launch. Also Valve just doesn't like supporting console at all for any of their games. 
Reyna and Gekko fighting for their life in the team chat after that

Here’s what happened


Summary:


Shots 1-5: Clearly missed.

Shots 6-9: Missed due to recoil (bad spray control).


Shots 10-11: Very close, but recoil and inaccuracy make these reasonable misses
Aight thanks for your insight man.

I’ll turn it off
fr op got a 4k then lost the 1v5 and still posted it xD
Well, guess that’s why the new controller is coming, to replace his ass.
Reyna’s line “Remember to look your enemy in the eyes, it helps with accuracy”

Mainly because the pronunciation of “accuracy” sounds like “a cure a sea” and I had no idea what she was saying. It just sounds weird
Viper is trying her besht
He's absolutely busted. Having a blast playing him, but against him is so demoralising. I've never felt at such a disadvantage against an agent in a long time. 

Some people aren't saying it's busted, but to be honest I don't buy that. You can see it in game chat, each team freaking out over the constant shield. If he's here to stay in that form I'm sure we will adapt but right now it's just new and very op. 

Not sure what the solution is but rn the shield is up way too much in each round
No such thing as a legit iron playing with ascendants that’s 100% a Smurf acc
these smokes 💀
I haven’t, committing half my defensive utility to one person maybe teleporting into it is… iffy. But also it sounds fucking hilarious so I’ll try it next time
Sir, it's a joke. Do we have to state the obvious here?
thats not what happened. One of the walls is just extended on his client but because the server doesnt see it there he can walk through
Thank you as always for the feedback!
Now I have I theory that you can break out of the ult by moving your screen from side to side
Exactly. I posted something similar to this saying I can’t rank up on sentinels and controllers because I play a support role and barely get any rr for wins. 

It’s such a stupid system that makes running it down the best strategy for ranking up…

It’s the same issue overwatch had where only DPS players would actually get elo and the queue times were miserable. 

Valorant is headed down the same path so I’m playing cs until they get their shit together
We know
Idk last time I suspected a cheatee I was like “I’m pretty sure this raze is cheating?”  And 30 seconds later riot canceled the game and said one had been find lolol. 

I’ve seen that screen 3 times in a week which is alarming high due to things like this  and cheaters being missed.
dawg you need to calm tf down and chill out, all of the fights you took was literally just you spamming and moving whilst shooting as fast as you can.  


get your head out of your "Used to be immortal" ego andy ass, and chill out, until you get back up there.

Stop spamming so fast and stop moving so much. Shoot when you're not moving. You have good aim, you just have really HORRENDOUSLY BAD mechanics.
What rank is this? Your pretty insane and your enemies are clueless!
It has to be a mental illness to Smurf in iron. How is that even fun? If you're a Smurf in silver/gold then it's kinda understandable that you must suck in your own rank and would like to top frag every once in a while but iron is like disability levels of bad. I doubt that anyone normal would have fun crushing people who are so new to the genre
And those satchels. I remember getting so many satchel kills
kJ can't quite do the whole map I think due to the activation range, but can get insane value on her half of the map
At that level, gold and iron there's no brain, no tactics and the golds would win more games purely due to having better mechanics and that's it
g-g-g-g-give me a corpse
Wtf was reyna doing?
Pretty high chance it’s a phantom.  I personally wouldn’t mind another vandal since it’s the most used gun.
They dont want the post-mortem shit to be a regularity. Cypher shouldn't have that because he shouldn't be playing aggressive. Clove is intended to play aggressive as the devs clearly stated.
damn no one got the reference
By then, you should've had yellow recharged smokes from previously using smokes to fight for space, maybe even a used flash to take control of B main or something of that sort. Your team pushing isn't really an excuse here for not using any utility

Edit: as a more concrete example, smoking middle to cut off enemy's information of whats going on and force them to usw utility of their own (you went mid anyway, might as well smoke it) or flashing B or A main after the barrier drops to stop the enemy from pushing and taking control of the neutral space, allowing your team to have more presence on the map and less areas that the enemy could flank you from or ignore
I have a friend who has about the same mindset. He is soon platinum and is a Sova OTP. 

Here's the thing, he wants Jett to be the entry, but 9 out of 10 times when he picks up a marshal or Operator, he asks if Jett wants it. Then after we lost the round, he said to me "man we really needed jett to do entry". 

Man Jett would have entered if you gave the Operator to me (Chamber) instead of Jett. Then he tries to give an argument that Jett is an Operator agent and Chamber isn't, and I will never understand his point... I mean, Chamber's ultimate is literary an Operator..
u shouldn't aim to "win" a Deathmatch anyway
be careful going outside. Your luck might have ran out with that shot.
that guy's never getting invited again
He's invisible without the hat
Watch them run
Pretty sure they only meant Iso with that last statement.
Can you not just look away from the orb if you want to take off the net?
Araxys is so fire
Thats a crazy angle but it seems niche and extremely situational given that you have to expend a sage wall and 2 updrafts in order to peek a part of b long for a few seconds
Nah keep peeking. They’ll flame you for not fragging
Yes exactly.

EDIT: Skye in general is an agent I consider as kinda overpowered and absolutely well rounded. Flashes? Check. Healing? Check. Intel gathering? Super check (dog, flash, ult)
Lmao when the two smurfs together aren't good enough to carry their over triple negative egirls. 16 econ rating is pathetic.
Yeah, I don't agree with that lol I understand your frustration with mute lobbies, but her just muting her teammates so she can give 1 sided comms isn't the answer.
If Sentinels can win a Masters, why can't I?
Yeah probably the worst trip mine I've ever seen
There are times when I got 12/32 on unrated, but they weren't as bad as in comp...dieing feels soo bad in comp matches🥲
Stay is. Woke ripoff a everything
Movement. See someone's about to spray, take two steps to the left to dodge it completely, one-tap them.
drop the tracker
Your description for act soft reset at the start is just for Immortal+. Other ranks do not have soft resets and only have to play an activity match to continue where they left off when an act ends.

Episode resets are not technically hard resets since MMR is maintained, but you explained the details so I think people get the picture.
Ain't no way u actually have a problem with skye for that reason 💀💀💀
I am not sure if this is correct but with having these settings on and you press 2 you can still equip your secondary gun?
valo really needs a kick option like cs. Won a 4v5 yesterday after kicking a deagle only player that waited until everyone died. 

That extra income really helped.
This one time on ascent, while playing viper, i pretended to know lineups (even though i didnt) and i randomly shot my molly up in the air and got a kill on A site. 😭😭
interesting. do you know where raditz is from?
The current map pool is cursed. There's at least one or two maps that you hate, and you almost always queue for it. I grinded for Clove and checked my Night Market (it was shit), and dipped. Currently playing other games until they rotate the map pool again.
Oof that was such a bad play from the Gecko. Planted at the one place he can't hold with an OP
Diamonds are top 10-15%.

US income wise the top 15% earns around 150k a year.  
Top 15% IQ
you just need to work on your instalock game
"Brimstone, we really need to put an age floor on VALORANT. I can't take this youth"
Closer to 99.9% actually, having even 1% of the sub being immortal means 16k immortals, and I highly doubt even 5k are immortal players here
They randomly do it yes.
With the spectre id extend the limit to like 5 bullets.  And with pistols I’d keep it at 1-2 depending on the situation and pistol
Me with 500+ hours of gameplay being hardstuck bronze😂
I started in bronze 1 and I used to be really afraid of dying so I just played passively and never took space or actively tried to trade my teammates off of minimap. Now I know not only bronze players are like that...
Plus wrist aiming is objectively really bad for you. Might as well sign up for a carpal tunnel treatment plan if you plan on not changing to arm aiming.
why do aces based on luck feel better than aces based on skill
Bullets slowing you down, genuinely hate it. 
recharging info flashes that can also be used as a duelist flash and perfectly pop out of any smoke or choke. 2 is perfectly fine and she will still be good not great and op on every map
Lmao didn't get the sarcasm till i opened the link haha.
Bruh the taunt of "Shameful Performance" at the end tho
HAHAHHAHAHA

no
I always listened to the sound of the gun to estimate my remaining ammo anyway
and when you lose it’s still -24 re even tho the entire lobby is a higher rank
should be desync because you can see the bar being full for close to a second before he released it
yea that's very sad
nope it's https://twitter.com/raxaTV
my ego was massive last night 🤣 thank you
queued up in a swiftplay because i was bored and i met this omen and i decided to give him my skin (because why not). surprisingly i queued up again and he was on the same team as me. i kept giving him my skin and after he sent a friend request and said that we should queue up sometime but its been two weeks :( maybe soon though
I personally respond with
There have been many episode and act resets since that era. Most probably it is just a visual glitch.
They always place you at least 1 full rank below where it thinks you belong.  Gets you playing more.  If you dominate you'll double rank up tho
After playing a bit you generally should know where the enemies could/should be, and the extra movement speed is often worth it. If you never run around with your knife out, there’s a very good chance you are playing too slowly
I like the one that Gekko use in Latam spanish, "CARNALITO"
where can I get this??
i get hyped to play, procede to get shit on, quit :))
I've had the same shit, sister, girlfriend or just a female friend with many FPS games over the years. I can easily say though, Valorant community is the worst one by far... Damn insecure adolescent trash cans, trying to feel secure with harassing woman. They are no different than used and thrown away injection with aids to me.
Just because I stayed up til 8 am don't mean I aint see ts 😭
Cheers mate.    Totally agree and I'm pumped that it motivates you to not worry about age stopping your gaming.   I love that my wife puts up with my need to keep playing... its just a matter of maintaining the balance with other things.

Been an avid gamer since 1980 when I got my first computer and hope to keep playing as long as my eyes allow me to 😁
oh so he's basically neace but for valorant
Wait until you figure out what’s in those green boxes on every map
Mfw people don’t want to watch me be a toxic little shit making fun of other people over and over and over and over while never changing (clearly this is riots fault for not changing the game enough, I am doing everything right and don’t need to change anything. How could my own success be linked to my actions, that would be silly)
I usually give the kill if my Clove activates ult, it's a nice thing to do since it's a team game. Though, they shouldn't be entitled for the kill and there's no to be mad if you won the round/they had enough money to buy gun next round. Most of the time, you should let them try for the kill
I mean fuck mvp if u play like this smart and patient you win more matches and Rr
It was perfectly behind that little ledge lmao
6 man Ace.  Only gotten one and doubt I will get another.
I tried doing this as accurately as possible, but this is assuming that you’re within the gun’s range and the barrier hasn’t taken any damage already.
I think Reyna is hard to hit especially when ULTed.
any tips to improve it
Wonderful!